Cloooooooooud!
Hai..
Does this work, if at all?
YAY!
Meh.
You suck.
I get significantly better framerates too.
Wazzap?.
"You haven't lived my man. Nothing like waking up in the morning and all your stuffed animals are stuck together." Reddit on wet dreams..
PircBotX is a Java framework for writing IRC bots quickly and easily.
It provides an event-driven architecture to handle common IRC events, flood protection, DCC support, ident support, and more. The comprehensive logfile format is suitable for use with pisg to generate channel statistics..
Methods of the PircBotX class can be called to send events to the IRC server that it connects to. For example, calling the sendMessage method will send a message to a channel or user on the IRC server. Multiple servers can be supported using multiple instances of PircBotX..
To perform an action when the PircBotX receives a normal message from the IRC server, you would listen for the MessageEvent in your listener (see ListenerAdapter). Many other events are dispatched as well for other incoming lines.
Yes. this bot is VERY AI..... NOT..
I'm gonna leave my bot in here for a bit.
Its an AI bot based off http://www.jibble.org/jmegahal/.
A rather bad one.
Hai kais58 .
Apparently my lines are too short. I'd better fix that! :D
lol.
duckman wasn't very popular, getting kicked 2 times!
For example, like this:
agrif is either insane or just a fair op, kicking a total of 2 people! .
Oh dear.
That isn't looking good.
Oh phew. I thought for a second there it was becoming stupid! :D.
meh.
Lolz.
i would call it dumb-bot.
derchris, correct! it uses a shit ai XD.
oops.
I didn't realize how annoying it would be to try to access my old user files from vista.
who the hell is kais58.
He needs better internet.
Virgin Media - sponsoring ping timeouts since 1990.
heh.
Well, I'm off afk.
RamsesA: oh yes, it is annyoing.
I've made a shortcut on my desktop though.
I hope I'm doing the right thing.
I've manually changed ownership via the security tab.
oh yay it worked.
of?.
Ooh, I see what you mean.
my old C:\Users\<account name>\ folder.
which had everything important in it.
couldn't access it.
I thought you meant "using the user interface to get there is annoying".
While this is not true for the start menu, the file->open dialog has no good way of doing so.
well, I tried getting there via the explorer.
and it just started this progress bar.
that never ended.
ever.
let it go for an hour.
lol.
classic windows..
That actually made sense \o/.
That sentence didn't make sense.
what is going on in here.
rymate has taken over the channel.
lol.
Hear his evil laughter!.
http://i.imgur.com/Pdy7u.png hahaha.
lol.
hello.
is some one here?.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53m0syaPg9A.
Youtube Title: "Luftbanza Airlines ( #Photoshop )" - "http://youtu.be/53m0syaPg9A" - posted by "derchris".
how can i dipslay more then one world with the overviewer?.
derchrisbot: this is crazy....
duckman: USPS moved "9400110200793302313772" from Arrival at Post Office@PLEASANTON,CA,US to Out for Delivery@PLEASANTON,CA,US (http://goo.gl/GkL3N).
??.
timoto: timoto see here http://docs.overviewer.org/en/latest/config/#a-more-complicated-example.
timoto: and ignore box-bot its just a package tracing thingy.
ok.
how can i install that?.
timoto: you havent to install anything for multi worlds in overviewer just write a configuration file..
where must i put the conig file?.
timoto: there where you let the --settings= parameter point to..
thanks.
timoto: just read that whole page it explains everything you need to know if anything is unclear just ask :).
where can i found the minecraft.jar on my server.
i have used the command from the doc.
to download it.
timoto: its that one you execute to start it..
?.
timoto: you execute java -jar /path/to/minecraft.jar right?.
wget -N http://s3.amazonaws.com/MinecraftDownload/minecraft.jar -P ~/.minecraft/bin/.
timoto: yes that one :).
in the root folder.
anyone use gimp?.
how must i name the conig from the overviewer?.
no.
timoto: you can name it as you want (thats what --settings parameter is for..
for exampel conif.txt?.
timoto: would probably work i think but its a python file so why not name it conif.py.
by my texture pack can i put in the minecraft.jar?.
timoto: you could set your texture pack directly to get used by overviewer..
by texturepath = "/root/.minecraft/bin/minecraft.jar" will his work?.
I think so.
Also, please don't run overviewer as root.
thanks.
CounterPillow: why not?.
why not with root?.
It's generally considered bad practice to run programs with more priveliges than they need. A bug or mistake can cause a lot more damage if it's running as root.
where can i download the standert minecraft texture in zip format?.
timoto: nowhere you have to extract it from minecraft.jar .
what the terain.png?.
just put client minecraft.jar in ./minecraft/bin/.
you dont need to extract it to make overviewer work.
thanks.
and dont set texturepath in the config.
then it will use the .jar automatically.
but what i need to put theretexturepath = "/home/my_texture_pack.zip".
so you want to use another tecture pack?.
here*.
and not the default?.
i want to use the default.
if you have the minecraft.jar in ~/.minecraft/bin/ then you dont need to set tecturepath.
just leave it out.
overviewer will try to use ~/.minecraft/bin/minecraft.jar if you do not set texturepath.
O_o.
Your bot stinks, rymate1234.
ikr.
That works.
I've been pumping information into it from a minecraft map renderer wiki and the irc channel for that map render tool.
:P.
hi Rymate-Bot.
?converse this is how you use it.
Its..... not that good.
oops..
Typo.
XD.
?gtfo.
!converse This is a test.
Chill wtf.
that.
is a long ass message.
!converse This is a test.
Im confused by how you do that.
i might add custom commandsa.
so you'll be able to do !cmdadd cmdname cmdcontent.
oops.
accidently the irc scrollback.
AmbushReality, its a bot I programmed in java.
Oh..
does it learn based on channel messages?.
ye.
I also shoved some stuff in from a wiki.
!getMessage.
That bot is stupidd :P.
That is correct.
:P.
Still, better than i could do.
also its "brain" is only 176 lines long.
I tried learning java but it wouldnt do the javac stuff.
I might also add some custom commands system.
so you'll be able to do !cmdadd cmdname what the command says here.
!converse hai.
:(.
!comverse this bot is sucky and it knows it.
!converse this bot is sucky and it knows it.
O-o.
Talks shit.
ikr.
I did it for the lulz.
I cant do that though xD.
The brain is now 190 lines long! :P.
One sec while i kill myself..
it needs its own hostname.
Whats the point..
rymates.favourite.foxboy.org.
O.O.
Dazzozo, It's not gonna be 24/7.
its hosted on my freaking laptop.
woo.
it doesn't add commands into its brain now.
XD.
yo.
type "!gtfo" for meh.
lol that works.
XD.
Why meee.
stop people quitting the bot if they're not me.
Impressive.
make it say random messages at random intervals.
lol.
based on a recently said phrase.
How do i get one? Is there a guide for it? :P.
Dazzozo, maybe ;).
..
Yes.
:(.
uh.
uh.
...
da fuk.
Your bot is slow..
ah.
whaaat?.
hi Rymate-Bot .
wtf.
it dont work.
ye.
it quite bad.
XD.
what's that.
i haven;t a clue.
it hates url's.
XD.
-_-.
whhhhhattttt.
uh.
ok.
ok, that's messed up.
Its never done that before.
It collects its messages from irc channe;s.
XD.
wow.
lul.
so....
HI rymate1234 .
lol.
would you like me to help with the code?.
nahhhh :P.
LET ME HELP!.
LUL.
something tells me Rymate-Bot isn't gonna pass any turing tests.
wut.
wtf did that come from.
do you know any WORKING AI bots?.
no.
There was a java lib that allowed you to hook into cleverbot.
but that seems to have disappeared.
otherwise i would've used that.
XD.
theres an online tutorial you should use.
Ill find it in a min.
wathicng direwolf20.
lol ok.
might be better than using a shitty lib.
it uses jmegahal.
yes.
I know.
I code the damn thing XD.
thats what the tutorial uses.
ohhhh lol.
wait, there's a better way of using jmegahal? XD.
probs.
you need to tell the bot to run on about 30 channels.
to get 50000 lines of chat in its database.
the more it learns, the more it thnks.
ye probably.
I could probably just find some logs form irc channels.
that too.
does it count how many things it has learned?.
nope.
however notepad++ shows line numbers.
:P.
281 lines.
you should make it so that there is a command to tell info like: lines learned, questions asked, most read channels.
I'm lazy though :P.
then put it on github and ill work on it.
fiiine.
do you know how to use git?.
ye.
Fuck this, im turning emo:-|.
github fo windows is extracting git -_-.
ARE YOU REALLY USING GITHUB FOR WINDOWS!.
use plain git.
unless youre a n00b.
then use github for windows.
hunterboerner, I'm not a noob, just lazy.
:P.
lul.
>im turning emo.
lul, you're not op.
what are you.
11.
act your age.
you need to register this channel.
It was a joke :-|.
hunterboerner, I abandoned this channe agggges ago.
CIA-104, was abot I put in here.
why?.
lol.
no-one used it XD.
O.O.
it needs to be stricter.
if it cant say anything related to the words given.
O_o.
it should say "i can't :(".
Dazzozo, I'm usign a lib :P.
gay.
lol.
Why did you make it speak shit?.
the one we have in gamesurge #opensteamworks is the best.
Lemme see.
:P.
Dazzozo, ip for the irc server?.
Yeah.
irc.gamesurge.net.
I'm Yuki on GameSurge.
I'm there :P.
dude, not cool.
lol :P.
DIREWOLF20 EP 70!.
:P.
the bot in here is called JillBot.
Crap name :).
that was fun.
lol VoiDeD kicking you guys out :').
not welcome in our cool club.
my bot needs to learn more.
Dazzozo, Actually, I saw myself out.
That bot is sick.
^.
better than Rymate-Bot over here.
Dazz get us one over here :P.
AmbushReality, My bot is the same a JillBot in the very early stages of learning.
:P.
That made.... sense! \o/.
Wow it learns really badly.
I think I found the flaw..
It learns punctation alsow.
What?.
rymate1234: your problem was you flooded it full of minecraft server shit.
get rid of that.
lol.
its not going to be funny any time soon.
Where did you teach it exactly?.
AmbushReality, #overviewer #rymate and here.
and some random wiki.
about the overviewe.
*overviewer.
removed the shit from the wiki.
Is it better this time?.
not really.
Still fail.
It learns badly.
bastard tries to use punctuation.
and noone uses full stops at the end of chat lines.
XD.
Did it learn in your channel?.
AmbushReality, ye.
Explains why.
MAKE A NEW ONE.
why? lol.
I ain't making a new one.
give it a !botsnack command.
lol.
It only knows minecraft shit.
hunterboerner, link to that tut? :D.
Botsnack ftw.
direwolf, lememe fastforward.
oh lol.
I made a bot.
Dazzozo, I might get a yearly vps. 
�19 a year. 
and how shit will it be?. 
Yey. 
Dazzozo, 190MB ram. 
*mutes speaker. 
220MB Burst. 
HAHAHAHHA. 
O.O. 
Its getting smarter. 
yes. 
now it just spews out what other people had said. 
Good SAY LOADSA SHIT. 
But it will get better with time. 
rymate1234: would probs be ideal for litle things like this. 
http://www.jibble.org/jmegahal/. 
oh shit. 
haha no worries, I'm cooking. 
now i pizza. 
ye wat. 
 BRB putting pizza in the packet trace. 
What?. 
I'm happily consuming multiple servings of veggies like a g6-1. 
http://megahal.alioth.debian.org/. 
im trying to get it to learn shit. 
wahey. 
Im sitting here listening to screamo like a boss. 
yay. 
agrif, do you have a url for the render-in-progress?. 
I do!. 
FUCK YOU RYMATE BOT. 
O_o. 
fock. 
the g300 is shit. 
the g300 is shit. 
the g300 is shit. 
the g300 is shit. 
the g300 is shit. 
.... 
:(. 
How did it know that?. 
the g300 is happily consuming servings of pizza from the packet trace like a g6-1. 
it learns more from longer sentences. 
o_o. 
AmbushReality, I hate you. I really do. 
lol. 
The crescent is happily consuming pizza like a boss. 
Guess what my bot said in another channel.  
LOL. 
YESSS. 
XD. 
O.o. 
Wow.. 
Interesting. 
(AmbushReality) This sentance is really really really really really really really long. 
CounterPillow, nope, someone else in another channel is. The bot happened to be in the channel when they said that.. 
ok. 
I can help now. 
Woah that was...smart!!. 
This sentance is really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really long. 
no. 
O_o. 
What's the use of this bot, exactly?. 
Akdhaifhwkdhaodhwkdhwofhsodhaodhwodhzoshdo. 
None. 
:P. 
Also, lol your penis is small. 
I did it for fun. 
XD. 
crap. 
success. 
:(. 
lol. 
it randomly highlights people. 
stfu to #moosesocks kthnxbye. 
XD. 
yay. 
I made it add full stops to the end of messages. 
Rymate-bot is really really really stupid. 
ur bot sux. fixit. 
no. 
Presenting... CyanogenMod 9 for the ZTE Crescent! You need a 200MB system partition minimum for this ROM (160MB without Google apps). Stock partition layout is ideal but if you are having problems such as missing Google apps, use the TPT at the bottom of the post. For those who have no idea what Ice Cream Sandwich looks like.... 
pironic: hello rymate1234. 
k. 
NOTCH DIS DUES NOT WORK ON ME MAC FIXIT. 
Learn much ;). 
lol. 
This ROM is suitable for both the Orange San Francisco II, the T-Mobile Vivacity and the Telenor Touch Plus. It is 75% flibblesan's work, with me only getting Wi-Fi to work and a few extra goodies.. 
The ZTE Porting Tool is a tool that makes it easy. 
to port ROMs between ZTE Devices (currently only ZTE Skate <-> ZTE Blade). 
Easy, Fast and Simple to use.. 
Heyy ￼ first, this ROM is early and not really that good, just a little something I wanted to do to see if I could :P. 
lol. 
fack. 
Wow... 
Fish'N'Chips....................................................... 
O_o. 
Bitch motherfucker. 
lol.
I just told someone that he shouldn't restrain himself from criticizing my code. I'm so going to regret this. 
samster34: Try with normal dd and if=/dev/zero, just to rule out odd things we might not know about this tool.. 
wait really?. 
preceded by a cliff :). 
ok. 
yep. 
Hmmm, I think I like open source media (video) players more. MPC-HC on Windows for example with ffmpeg and whatnot.. 
Ohh neat.. maybe some day.. when there's time to breath. 
killer: can you pastebin "df -h". 
the bot is currently connected to my vps. 
I've done dd with /dev/zero. 
on linux side, I often wish that people just picked some very few things they think they can do well and keep working, and concentrated on making something Not Suck from user point of view even if that meant throwing 99 % of current software overboard. 
Vps?. 
also works. 
no. 
word. 
freezway: they aren't releasing any more new versions of the netscape API flash for linux. 
not vps. 
because the legacy and being compatible with everything weighs it all down so depressingly. 
znc. 
Anybody feel like helping me find an ebook?. 
time to downvotebomb. 
It is learning from ALL channel that i am in. 
Looking for the ballad of the sad cafe: and other stories by carson mccullers. 
http://www.omgubuntu.co.uk/2012/02/adobe-adandons-flash-on-linux. 
Title: Adobe Abandons Flash on Linux (at www.omgubuntu.co.uk). 
only the pepper API one (which only chrome/chromium supports atm) is getting new versions. 
i keep waiting for them to write a good replacement for X  :). 
the commands are disabled for now. 
wow... wtf adobe. 
yes. 
Child theme question: how to import changes made via the new 3.4 customization feature ?. 
not many people know nerd.nu made r/minecraft :P. 
flash will be irrelevant in a few years anyway. 
We tried that already. 
hold on, I'm installing some more ram... 
wayland at least looks like it throws away whole bunch of layers. 
With a different plane. 
Never found it. 
We alwayz try that. 
freezway: they already dropped all mobile support. 
:|. 
So we cant !converse?. 
Vulix: ViewTube for Greasemonkey: <http://userscripts.org/scripts/show/87011>. 
no more flash for android either. 
Vulix: To play flash videos in mplayer, Follow the instructions here http://sprunge.us/haWj. 
nope. 
fuck adobe. 
sorry. 
Its running through my nick. 
gtmanfred: youtube-viewer 20120509-1 - AUR - Arch Linux: <http://aur.archlinux.org/packages.php?ID=37779>. 
thestinger: i'm pretty sure they're changing their mind on that soon as windows tablets are out in the wild. 
Vulix: honestly, who really needs flash at all. 
maybe if we could educate people about how proper graphics and sound stacks should look like -- largely the message is "copy whatever OS X is doing" -- then perhaps some kind of minimum bar of quality could be reached.. 
gtmanfred: you realize flash covers more than just youtube, right?. 
yes. 
Like porn. 
Its learning through you?. 
kevlarman: windows ARM has no plugins allowed. 
but that is where viewtube and the other one come in. 
wayland as i understand it is about the rendering model. 
so they can't. 
yes. 
To play flash videos in mplayer, Follow the instructions here http://sprunge.us/haWj. 
as opposed to doing something about the data / input model, where the problems are. 
Isn't Ubuntu trying hard to copy OS X? When I used 12.04 for a bit, it surely felt like it.. 
that will do everything. 
define "made". 
Its learning through every channel I'm in in freenode. 
but it's a convenience thing. 
ctate: really? I have no idea what you even mean by data model.. 
thestinger: microsoft got the source from adobe so they can embed it in IE in metro mode. 
meh. 
If the porn industry switched to html5, flash would die in an instant. 
Nat created the subreddit to use for the servers. 
a few sites i use have flash for interactions. 
which is 13 channels. 
which is was for a while. 
and the input thing is explicitly going to get thrown away too, at least whatever X is doing with it because there will be no X. 
Ouch. 
freeed: man, when i do register_taxonomy with 'hierarchical' => true, is there a way that the post only has one category ? no multiples...... 
thestinger: also i definitely expect to see atom windows tablets. 
how is input managed?  how is clipboard data managed?. 
nabukadnezar43: kill them with fire. 
do it. 
samster34: What do you mean by "also works"?. 
OS X is awesomesauce!. 
like burgerking's order page and my bank's site. 
that all falls under X's bailiwick. 
minecraft gained popularity and people came to r/minecraft without wanting to play on the nerd.nu servers, so we gave r/minecraft to the community and created r/mcpublic. 
Is the problem the money? Or lacking project management/usability engineering?. 
Ah. I actually didn't know that either.. 
Jordan_U: I wrote a couple GB of zero to the disk, and they showed up. 
gnash works for them though. 
well. 
This is gonna be fun. 
>so we gave r/minecraft to the community. 
can we pre-emptively register the reddit shortlinking system for pony stuff for the rest of the emotes?>. 
nat is still top mod. 
seeing what the outcome is. 
smaster34: what other command were you trying?. 
yeah he should remove himself. 
ctate: I imagine the applications open the input devices directly. I confess I don't really know, but if you start from the viewpoint that there's no X process to manage it and that applications are supposed to do virtually the entire work themselves, then I guess it's libraries and direct talking with kernel and gpu. 
yeah. 
Yup. 
I'm guessing 0 actions. 
kakazza: successful projects have people who care deeply about making them happen, and do the work of driving that. 
nope. 
sigh… pretty much every class in my manifest is triggering a class not found exception. The classes are all there… I'm at a loss for how to debug this. Anyone have any ideas?. 
With Ubuntu, you used to be able to just move the mouse and click and be on another workspace. 
most OSS software projects are managed by hobbyist programmers. 
he does do things sometimes. 
ahh okays. 
Would anyone in here happen to like both Kamen Rider and BESM 3e?. 
* Received a CTCP VERSION from rymate1234. 
-rymate1234- VERSION PircBotX 1.7, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bot - pircbotx.googlecode.com. 
-rymate1234- VERSION XChat-WDK 1506 / Windows 8  
things which I will not talk about in this channel. 
That's nice. 
O_o. 
well still, at least remove then remod. 
samster34: Then what problem are you having with dd?. 
I'm two people basically. 
That it works for them. 
had 18, i gave him -26. 
kakazza: almost all really successful OSS projects are ones that have been backed by companies with a direct interest in the outcomes. 
:V. 
lol. 
kakazza: the problem is desperate lack of engineering resources. 
Hmm, isn't the Linux kernel pretty successful in that regard? Linus is _very_ dedicated.. 
freeed, any suggestions ? ^^. 
Jordan_U: it doesn't let me write 0xFF for example. 
Now you have to move the mouse, click, then move the mouse and click again.  So I just do Control-Alt-Arrow now.  It was a pain to re-learn. 
.karma Nisld. 
ploshy: Nisld has 1 link karma and 18 comment karma after 3 months. http://reddit.com/u/Nisld. 
Wow. 
NOT UPDATED, yet.. 
lol. 
r3dLunchb0x_: dcfldd. 
so mean. 
.karma arrowtotheknee. 
SirCmpwn: arrowtotheknee has 15 link karma and 0 comment karma after 6 months. http://reddit.com/u/arrowtotheknee. 
.karma arrowintheknee. 
SirCmpwn: arrowintheknee has 1 link karma and 5 comment karma after 6 months. http://reddit.com/u/arrowintheknee. 
Ooer - when i downvote, i downvote hard.. 
Kunda.. no idea :( Guessing the modifications are per theme.. so you'd have to make them again.. 
what is that guy's name. 
Actually, if you downvote from his user page it won't change his karma.. 
.karma arrow_to_the_knee. 
I always wondererd that, since OSS projects (can) have potentially much more contributers.. 
SirCmpwn: arrow_to_the_knee has 1 link karma and 11 comment karma after 6 months. http://reddit.com/u/arrow_to_the_knee. 
asdf. 
so updating gives me problems because some files already exist int he filesystem?. 
Nisld. 
I'm saving up for that uber-downvote ability too. 
i wouldn't mind sites such as burger king. 
samster34: is that  a different dd package?. 
only 5,000 more karma. 
Ooer - res and jzjzjzjzjz. 
but i use my bank's site regularly. 
freed, are they stored in the DB ?. 
Hi!. 
You need to go to every individual comment and downvote for it to have an impact. 
kakazza:  see above re people who care deeply about making them happen; also note that various companies have invested directly in making the linux kernel work well in ways that they care about (intel, ibm, etc). 
from the profile page?. 
r3dLunchb0x_: yes, it also allows writing of custom patterns. 
eet does nothing. 
yes. 
cccaldas, not that I know of. You'd probably need to make your own taxonomy meta box that restricts user's to select only one. 
i think the trend is less icons, bigger icons and more table friendly. I don't know who copied who, but new Windows, Ubuntu, and Apple look similar (compared to any older version). 
kakazza: only projects with some kind of successful company about them seem to be able to hire full-time people that do serious work and they usually have some specific user-related goals to meet. 
they will only show for you. 
Kunda, no idea :\ Guessing so... 
Will they?. 
yup. 
"lots of contributors" != successful :). 
Vulix: http://www.archlinux.org/news/. 
samster34: looking at the homepage now.. 
idling in #defocus is like eat food in the bathroom.. 
freeed: hm… i will read more… thkx. 
Also don't install from core if you can help it. 
reddit stops people spamming downvotes from user page. 
Kunda, I would guess wp_options. 
lol. 
netinstall or bust. 
The admins changed it to make mass downvoting harder.. 
fu. 
*eating. 
Vulix: did you install with the cache of the core iso... because if you use netinstall or remote from core you don't get any of these errors. 
more than welcome to join my awesome secret channel. 
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL. 
anyway, the problem is...they all appear to write to the disk fine. 
thorbinator, the short link is just the post ID.. 
i used core iso. 
I be back. 
KindOne, which channel. 
but after it was done it was suddenly filled with gibberish. 
i wanna join it. 
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT. 
##coders?. 
Vulix: Read The Fine News! https://www.archlinux.org/news/. 
gtmanfred: is there a way to only download enough to buffer a video?. 
all your solutions are there ^^. 
You can go to his comments and click "context" or "permalink" and downvote from there.. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHIMs7UKTSg. 
Either make the name too long, too short, or include a character not used in reddit identifiers.. 
ryaxnbw7: Equestria Girls - HD v.2 - length 1m 30s - 353 likes, 7 dislikes - 19,553 views - noobish1noobsicle on 2012.01.14. 
ah so i basically have to download a new iso and reinstall. 
That will still have an impact.. 
I just wish Windows had native virtual desktops.. 
a 720p version of Equestria Girls!. 
FINALLY!. 
like if you're streaming youtube videos via mplayer?. 
fanmade. 
sudokode: set you mplayer cache.... 
this is what i've dreamed of ^_^. 
gtmanfred: but that will continue downloading. 
.yay. 
yay~~. 
cba then. 
that just tells it how much to cache before playing. 
kakazza: i dont know about win7, but xp had powertools. 
sudokode: yes,. 
Spaces (even though they removed the grid layout in Lion, doh) and whateveritscalledonubuntu is just so useful.. 
not that I wouldn't want a random write, but dd from /dev/urandom is incredibly slow. 
samster34: what exactly are you trying to accomplish with this?. 
can anyone point me to some detailed wireless troubleshooting? I can't get a rtl8187 to work properly... 
well, that's why I like the youtube flash player. 
it was a feature the devs added and wanted, but didnt  make the cut into production. 
if it is a live stream that has to keep playing i think. 
I want to wipe the disk. 
it only downloads enough to play. 
I watch a lot of videos that are like 30+ minutes. 
i've installed now arch and i've installed xorg-fonts-{100-75}dpi but when i run firefox the internet fonts it really bad... which font should i install?. 
samster34: using /dev/urandom||/dev/random it has to wait till those get some "random" data in them to write. 
so download all of it at once if I might quit later is a waste. 
s)m#nak3dguy: what part of the process are you having issues with?. 
oh w/e this does the same thing that youtube does, it just moves it from /proc/ to /tmp/. 
elron: https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Fonts. 
elron: ttf fonts i guess there is some lists on tyhe wiki. 
it's not w/e. 
is it possible with some wordpress function to echo/print which template name is used?. 
sudokode: no, you don't downlaod the whole thing, you can start playing as soon as the buffer starts. 
no.. 
elron: you probably need win7 fonts. 
oh wait, comcast supposedly suspended the bandwidth cap. 
r3dLunchb0x_: doesn't really matter to me why it's slow, it just is :). 
elron: do you have ttf dejavu installed?. 
No... my #t channel is better!. 
samster34: do a for loop on the command line and dev/zero one time, /dev/urandom for dd. 
alchemist9: The device is seen, a interface is created, however; I can't connect or see any scan data. 
sudokode: Quite honestly, youtube-viewer is a much saner solution. 
ive never really used win7, so i dont know if they have a similar powertool extension. 
gtmanfred: you're not getting what I'm saying. 
sudokode: starting when?. 
starting some time. 
t is for trooolololin. 
gtmanfred: Btw. I think you can do that staight from /proc without needing unlunk. 
sudokode: Comcast suspends 250GB data cap—for now | Ars Technica: <http://arstechnica.com/business/2012/05/comcast-suspends-data-caps-for-now/>. 
so why even offer the core iso if it just breaks right out of the gate.... 
no brotatos, but when i try to install win7 fonts there are an error because don't found the arial font.... 
Vulix: because some people can't get internet. 
r3dLunchb0x_: ?. 
what if virtual desktops are too much for average user? (all people here in a *-dev channel are not average). 
anyway I'd have much more positive impression of linux if I could even get the fonts to look alright on it. 
Vulix: bad planning. 
s0m3nak3dguy: let me think a second... 
and they are stuborn. 
gtmanfred: so what? you need the internet to use arch anyway. 
oooh just got to do a comparison operator for a class to work in a map, and im going good. 
people understand stuff like sRGB surface composing when you explain it to them, but that doesn't translate into anybody doing anything. 
Why is a socket in programming called a socket?. 
alchemist9: ok, ty and take your time, i've got a ll day lol. 
sudokode: was talking more about broadcom. 
productive morning. 
nickoe: cause it's a socket. 
samster34: how big is the disk?. 
Now I dont know what other unexpected surprises there will be =\. 
SuD: average user probably isnt going to press ctrl+alt+arrow. 
they can't move the files ebtween or something silly. 
.karma arrowstotheknee. 
SirCmpwn: arrowstotheknee has 292 link karma and -19155 comment karma after 2 months. http://reddit.com/u/arrowstotheknee. 
you're working inside a map?. 
found the bugger. 
750 GB ~ 715GiB. 
sudokode, :/. 
I need to detect if after a rotation the handheld is landscape, portrait or seascape (note the latter, so Configuration#orientation is pointless). 
complete with uber breakfast :D. 
nickoe: could you be more specific?. 
brotatos: no, but when i try to install win7 fonts there are an error because don't found the arial font.... 
I've been letting it write 0xff for hours... 
s0m3nak3dguy: the devices are not blocked? What is the output of  rfkill list?. 
only to find it full of everything but that. 
s0m3nak3dguy: Are you using some older Ubuntu version? I'm pretty sure that chipset was supported after about 9.04 ( Jaunty). 
for a massive percentage of people clipboard is: right click -> copy, right click -> paste. 
if we ever get beautiful font rendering on linux, I think it will be purely because world changes away from sRGB eventually and then the lowest common denominator design happens to compose reasonably from font rendering point of view.. 
std::map<Type1, Type2>. 
genii-around: i'm using a recently installed 12.04. 
oCean: rfkill list no blocks. 
alankila: Ah, you're the one who is trying to get that patch into linux, right? Or a pacakge?. 
genii-around: exactly, it "should" work easily. 
.p show template > MrWax. 
MrWax: http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/show-template/. 
s0m3nak3dguy: okay try configuring it with iwconfig it should pop out an error message on why it isn't connecting.... 
suborbital, I was just thinking that there might be some historical reson other that someone just called it that because he was looking around the room to find a name of his function and then saw the socket in the wall.. 
Type1 needs an operator< function std::map can use it with map.find(). 
kakazza: what patch? I have a pixman hack for sRGB surfaces right now. 
test. 
samster34: look at this: http://how-to.wikia.com/wiki/How_to_wipe_a_hard_drive_clean_in_Linux. 
nickoe: what sort of socket?. 
again. 
like tcp. 
do you mean like inet sockets? unix sockets?. 
pixman, right.. 
oh okay. 
I should add commas to numbers in JeBot. 
I'm hoping it makes it in, because at least after that there is *capability* for doing it, even if nobody uses it yet. 
does anyone know how to install Peer Guardian  linux in ubuntu 12.04. 
-19,155 karma. 
yeah. 
exetron: use #test for that. 
alchemist9: tried that with network-manager disabled(can't think of anything else I should disable), i will find a place to list my dmesg.. 
Is there anyone in here who can help me with organizing posts into sections and sub sections, that would like to look at my code?. 
no idea. 
after that begins the next phase of the operation, convincing fuckton of people why they should care. 
pixman is what exactly?. 
heh. 
maybe ive just been using linux for too long and am immune to the fonts, but to me, fonts look no different or better on os x. 
elron: read inside the pkgbuild, it tells you how to get them. 
http://pastebin.com/DVHDefpw. 
does anyone know how to fix the screen resolution for games under wine? I set the resolution to = to my screen, but there's a huge blank spot on the right. 
it is the chief rendering library used by X server and also hardware accelerated where possible. 
i hadn't updated my laptop for a few weeks. did that, saw a bunch of packages so i rebooted. now i have no mouse--it's a thinkpad with the touchpad turned off.  i note that xorg vmmouse and evdev has point releases, anyone else have a porblem with those?. 
probably because of what a socket is in other senses. 
that will confuse certain Europeans though. 
Not that it borthers me a lot, just figured that someone in here might have an idea.. 
birbeck: immune it is.. 
An opening in any fitting that matches the outside diameter of a pipe or tube, with a further recessed through opening matching the inside diameter of the same pipe or tube. 
Hi!. 
birbeck: http://bel.fi/~alankila/pixman/fontscol.png. 
gtmanfred: ok. 
my patch on top, typical linux result on bottom. 
With the 'Ubuntu' font it got better. But I still like OS X and Windows fonts better. Linux fonts always appear toylike to me :x. 
yeah, I see. 
it's an experiment designed to showcase what sRGB surfaces get you. 
nickoe: prolly because stuff goes in and out. 
Hi. What do I need to do to make openconnect work in NetworkManager? I have it working by itself. But when I try to connect via NetworkManager, I just get the spinning circle over and over, with the lock in the corner appearing every second or so for only an instant.. 
skomokh: you'll have to go into terminal and type "sudo apt-get -f install". 
r3dLunchb0x_: that#s what I#ve been doing...only writing 0xff for now instead of random data, since I can't wait a week for this thing to do two passes. 
sudokode: wn: socket n 1: a bony hollow into which a structure fits 2: receptacle where something (a pipe or probe or end of a bone) is inserted 3: a receptacle into which an electric device can be inserted; moby-thes: 30 Moby Thesaurus words for "socket": alveolation, alveolus, antrum, armpit, basin, bowl, cavity, concave, concavity, crater, crypt, cup, depression, dip, fold, follicle, funnel chest, hole, (6 more messages). 
file:///C:/Users/Q009/Desktop/Dropbox/Public/Otomata.swf Have fun. 
sRGB is what exactly?. 
Wait. 
they get you physically meaningful alpha blending. 
ahahaha. 
Lolwt.. 
hahahaha. 
alankila: they both look like crap, though i like the bottom better. 
sRGB is the standard by which most consumer displays operate, or approximate. 
rclick->dropbox->copy public link. 
they should've called them craters. 
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/27217567/Otomata.swf. 
samster34: its a 750GB disk....dd does byte-by-byte....are you planning on using this disk again?. 
OverExposed: use meta_query. 
r3dLunchb0x_: first thing i tried, alas, no dice. 
it depends though, for web reading the bottom is better, for code, the top is better. 
Yea, I know, I though I did that. 
.c wp_query > OverExposed. 
OverExposed: http://codex.wordpress.org/Class_Reference/WP_Query. 
:D. 
birbeck: liking it is not the point. The bottom shows a darkening artifact which is the heart of the problem.. 
heh. 
r3dLunchb0x_: also not seeing much informative in the xorg log. 
though neither has very good anti-aliasing. 
damnit. 
skomorokh: you'll have to go into terminal and type "sudo apt-get -f install". 
r3dLunchb0x_: yes. 
nobody knows 'bout #moosesocks. 
the kernel is getting loaded. 
I do. 
ohi. 
elron: read th PKGBUILD. 
but it doesnt see its root. 
samster34: ah, gotcha.... 
I'm part of the secret internet club. 
the root is a usb disk?. 
Eximius: did you add the usb hook. 
alchemist9: What on earth are you using?  A 200mhz ARM processor?  It didn't take 8 hours back in the PII days!. 
The anti-aliasing is subject of the glyph definition and the quality of freetype when rasterizing it. It may not be correct -- I hope it is the computed correctly by freetype.. 
yes. 
like I told you hours ago. 
that's a corner case though, that color combination is intended to produce "eye cancer". 
I did. 
and it worked. 
My query works fine, the problem with my code is that if a section or sub section doesnt have posts associated with it, I don't want them to display. 
but this is a new usb now. 
lul. 
r3dLunchb0x_: thanks, but i've done this to no effect. 
that color combination is designed to show why sRGB matters. 
you get rid of the dark artifacts around font edges. 
then use if have posts. 
Eximius: did you use /dev/sda1 as your grub stuff?. 
uuid. 
ninnypants1, kaileylampert:  Crud, not my custom post type archives are /blog/custom-post-type.  Any ideas on that?. 
and do your query before you output anything. 
ok, that is good. 
correct uuid. 
right now it automatically  generates sections based on wheather the taxonomy term exists as apposed to associated posts. 
not=now. 
And I still don't know why 'moosesocks'. You're weird, agrif. 
skomorokh: did you also do "sudo apt-get update". 
kyle__: it's only been 4, only took 4 hours on a 400mhz powerpc but i'm running a i386 1.2ghz.... 
the top edges of the text on top looks white. 
Well how do I do that?. 
alchemist9: pastebin.com/kba87QtN. 
so it appears to have the same problem, just reversed. 
hello. 
alchemist9: O_o 1.2ghz 386?. 
Hello timoto. 
hello. 
it looks like this when white-on-black: http://bel.fi/~alankila/pixman/badlcd-cairofixed.png. 
samster34: what about shred? you tried that?. 
.c has_posts > OverExposed. 
OverExposed: http://codex.wordpress.org/Design_Widgets_SubPanel. 
Eximius: this usb worked before?. 
can you help me i want to display users on my overview map. 
hey, I didn't come up with moosesocks. 
brotatos: I am not entirely clear. 
kyle__: I'm a sucker for antiques?. 
Please look at my code before just sending me random codex links. 
alchemist9: Oh, you mean 32bit.. 
no. 
r3dLunchb0x_: yeaup, that's very much how it found the packages that got installed. i just checked and i'm not using any xorg.conf either (thought maybe i'd need to regenerate that). 
.weather. 
this is another usb. 
the top looks better there. 
r3dLunchb0x_: nope. is there a way to monitor it's progress? I'd like to be able to tell how far along it is... 
birbeck: maybe you are not viewing the demo in precisely sRGB display. 
shadowh511: Bellevue, WA: Rain, 55F/13C (H:63F, L:55F), Humidity: 88%, Wind: E at 4 mph.. 
i understand how the functions work, I just need to know how to order my logic. 
hahaha. 
brotatos: i have to download the fonts?. 
.karma Nisld. 
ploshy: Nisld has 1 link karma and 18 comment karma after 3 months. http://reddit.com/u/Nisld. 
... Eximius can you show me the mkinitcpio.conf. 
I'm having some trouble with my P2015 hp printer and cups not detecting it. When I plug it in the last thing I see in dmesg is "usb 8-6: new high-speed USB device number 2 using ehci_hcd" and the archwiki article on cups implies that there should be another after this. I do have the hplip package installed. Any ideas on how I may fix this?. 
aww :(. 
does it have to do with sub pixel rendering?. 
ok... 
oh no, achin is gone. 
if the top looks white or something you may have poorly calibrated display or have the wrong viewing angle. 
.karma Helzibah . 
Helzibah: User not found :(. 
:(. 
No he isnt?. 
Sutekh: Up for a trivia question?. 
alankila: whatever the crap display is on this macbook pro. 
haha, smart move clipboard. don't make use of the new gpu accel stuff that only 1% of devices have ;-). 
achin is the guy who knows the most about map markers. 
alchemist9: Eh, I think my netbook is barely faster than that...1.4, 1.6 maybe.... 
flipboard*. 
.karma helzibah. 
Helzibah: helzibah has 263 link karma and 9721 comment karma after 9 months. http://reddit.com/u/helzibah. 
he's on vacation :(. 
s0m3nak3dguy:post the url again.... 
how can i make this?. 
Oh, right :c. 
Qcoder00: I am... (likely to fail..). 
In the b/w one, top looks easier on the eyes because lines seem thicker.. 
you just have to wrap it around your output. 
timoto: I don't know, sorry. 
birbeck: well, macbooks are supposed to be more or less perfect. At least my experience indicates that they reproduce sRGB very faithfully if you have the right viewing angle. 
OverExposed: Coming in halfway here, but I did something that checks for children.... 
OS X has color management support.. 
Dinnerbone - you should nickchange on gamesurge. 
http://ideone.com/jWXJc. 
But there are  multiple sectiosn and sub sections based off of custom taxonomy terms. 
Title: Ideone.com | Online IDE & Debugging Tool (at ideone.com). 
i dont use os x though. 
timoto, whats up?. 
Hi everone. 
alchemist9: http://pastebin.com/kba87QtN. 
kyle__: I have no clue why it's taking longer on the 386 than it did on the powerpc... 
.silenta. 
.silent. 
You should have seen it before :p I will if it gets too much trouble. 
does anyone know what this means and how to fix it pacman: /lib/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.15' not found (required by /usr/lib/libcurl.so.4. 
do you know how i can change the name from the webseite and add an default zoom?. 
I think i'm the only one who plays on the channel server :/. 
Fairly simple.  Was the first 'videodisc' style system a digital or analog system?. 
serf_: did you force and update?. 
which name did you want to change?. 
urgh, what...now my live system won't boot anymore. 
birbeck: oh. Well, then you are probably missing out on the color management. The colorsync stuff is required to get the sRGB look. 
then only wrap the output you don't want to show when it's empty in it. 
Propaply the html title. 
.seen Noclipper. 
no gtmanfred. 
Altazimuth: Noclipper was last seen 30 minutes ago saying: Neat. You seem new here.. 
I am going to say analog. 
yes. 
And you would be correct :). 
ahh right okay in your web_assets folder there is an index.html file. 
alchemist9: Yea...especially considering gcc never made terribly great code for PPC, so gcc built with gcc is slow on ppc.. 
I'm on the PVE on. 
samster34: what about creating a new filesystem on it..... 
ee. 
c.. 
the top text has a lot of artifacts in the b/w one. 
i installed curl as far as i can tell from pacman log. 
kernel panic - not syncing: stack-protector: kernel stack is corrupted in : fffffffff8152a07f. 
you can edit that file, anything in that folder will be copied over when you generate. 
did you cherry pick from testing?. 
So if it got scratched it would not really skip then? :). 
samster34: http://linuxcommando.blogspot.ca/2008/06/show-progress-during-dd-copy.html. 
if you want to change the title, you can do that in that file.... 
Well  ;). 
I see no artifacts personally. I see a beautiful, even white text, where the bottom one is colored and way, way too dark, especially on the small sizes. 
samster34: Have you run a memory test?  Memtest86 probably is on that live-cd boot :). 
I think I have a handle on how to do player markers now too. 
bottom sample looks purple to me. 
thanks. 
serf_: version of glibc ?. 
and a defualt zoom?. 
nope testing is #. 
skomorokh: and you're mouse pad still doesn't work? what laptop are you using?. 
http://earslap.com/projectslab/otomata/?q=10_0_150_642651373773120841 :3. 
The first video-disc system is pre WWII. 
It would surely just go: Nyyaaaaaaaa pphhhhht. 
if you look at my logic I create a conditional to find all of my top level taxonomy terms, then another nested conditional that checks my low level taxonomy terms, and then uses a dynamic query that gives the results of untis under the top level and low level taxonomy terms. 
gamesurge?. 
how can i find out what version it is without using pacman?. 
I was not aware of this :). 
on my 30" there is some discoloration of the bottom samples in the really small font sizes. 
and what you'd get with a scratched disc is a VERY poor picture. 
Dinnerbone - it's been +m few times now, because you. . 
anyway, these are designed to showcase the difference between sRGB-aware composing and default composing in starkest possible light.. 
I don't think you can set that right now. 
lemme check the source. 
(which gvien that the picture was failty bad already...). 
I don't have a problem with posts showing up, my problem is with the headers for each subsection show wheather or not it has posts. 
strings :). 
serf_: Is this a new install using a very old installer?. 
that the difference is not larger is one of the problems I am facing when trying to explain people why they should care. 
yes I looked at it now you need to decide what shouldn't be shown if it's empty and wrap an if statement around it. 
GLIBC_2.15 is an elf symbol. 
unless you were to edit the overviewerConfig.js every time that is correct.... 
serf_: /lib/libc.so.6. 
nevermind. 
RAM wasnt all the way in. 
though it remains readable whereas the top doesnt. 
Haha yes. 
(you can actually run that). 
:D. 
in the overviewerConfig.js there is a setting called defaultZoom. 
"defaultZoom": 1,. 
If what ever is outputting to dmesg couldn't find a profile for my printer shouldn't it ouput "no configuration chosen"? I can't seem to find out why it would simply not output anything. 
OK thank you, how do I do that. 
hello. 
under tilesets: {. 
so if you show it only if(has_posts()) then it wont show up. 
gtmanfred: http://ideone.com/jWXJc. 
samster34: whew, I thought maybe you ran a dd from that last site on /dev/sda.... glad that's not the case.. 
Title: Ideone.com | Online IDE & Debugging Tool (at ideone.com). 
err "tilesets": [. 
GNU C Library stable release version 2.14,. 
durin, thank you. 
WHERe do i put that.. 
Well, top is clearly much better. 
how does any of this relate to android though?. 
yeah, but overviewerConfig.js is rewritten every time you render. 
right. 
I'm trying to get runtime.exec working but I can't seem to make it run even ls, any ideas (http://pastebin.com/X9wDtdr9)?. 
Can I check if a certain taxonomy "has posts". 
*fairly. 
I have never heard of checking against taxonomy for has posts. 
Watch out, Cheese is about to cut someone.. 
Why do I suddenly expect someone installed a program using -Sy. 
r3dLunchb0x_: nah, I even recreated the flash drive from the iso, so that couldnt have been it. 
please explain to me how to do that. 
we still don't have a nice solution for making changes there. 
there a config dict for defaultZoom?. 
it doesn't. We were just chatting about linux in general and my personal lament is the lack of finesse with linux programs. 
no. 
hey guys, I'm a pretty new developer and I was wondering if anyone could recommend a good book that talks about how wordpress works internally. 
taxonomies give you a post count. 
i couldn't remember. 
basically all we have is "showspawn". 
android is linux :). 
for each term. 
*suspect, gah. 
OK Another question (and no-one other than the geeks will know this)..... 
brotatos: i don't understand how install it.. really. 
I am trying to at least get OS X -like font rendering *possible* on linux, as OS X does the sRGB aware composing stuff, as does Windows. 
kyle__: gcc 3.x isn't too horible on powerpc ran rather smooth sucks on i386, works fine on i686... slackers... XD. 
how is it possible to make a page the first one? so it will be displayer when i only call the domain http://wordpressblogxy.com?. 
most of the help books I've seen are more focused on the CRM aspect. 
(Telecoms) : What is X25 ?. 
gtmanfred: asfgarteqqqqq. 
Can you refer me on how to pull  this number. 
that is one of the big reasons i never bought an original iphone, the linux based android os was due out soon. 
and in fact I've been able to see that OS X does not have perfect font rendering in terms of sRGB correctness -- or possibly they have some altogether different design goal. 
samster34: you're going to sell this drive then? are you working for DoD or something and you don't want the content possibly retieved?. 
I have some rendering tests with OS X that shows artifacts. 
how do i fix pacman so i can update. 
it wont work :(. 
That is a ham radio tcp/ip like protocol?. 
Not ham radio. 
fonts don't just look bad in linux; there are definitely differences in the way Chrome and Safari render text (and seeing the 2 side by side with "retina" displays shows this too) and my Kindle for Mac eReader renders many fonts terribly - presumably something with Qt. 
in your output folder you updated the overviewerConfig.js?. 
Well radio of some description, surely. 
Not radio. 
yes. 
I said telecoms. 
alchemist9: because we all know what a big audience i386 is vs the fringe processors like xscale core-2 and opteron ;). 
heres a hint, you need a PAD to use it. 
can you provide me a link?. 
http://images.4chan.org/v/src/1340392888239.jpg. 
Hmmm. 
success. 
if you're just refreshing, overviewer will refresh to wherever you last were. 
(packet assembler/disassembler). 
Oh wait, this might all be because I did something wrong.. 
falconindy: does usb have to be in front of filesystems if root is on a usb?. 
livecd, mount filesystems, pacman -r .... 
wait...xscale is one of the antique arm variants isn't it... errr.  I mean ARM8. 
http://server.mc-pixelcraft.de/map/. 
g00s: interesting. I'll conduct some tests.. 
s/8/9/g. 
comment response from minecraftpg5. 
well to someone like me that is not a font snob, fonts in linux are no different than fonts in any other os. 
cindyfalcon:. 
Is it some kind of crusty older than the hills dialup type thing?. 
if I render the map new will it owerwrite the js files?. 
r3dLunchb0x_: if I was, I couldn't talk about it :p. 
err. 
looks all the way zoomed in now... looks good.. 
indyfalcon?. 
Getting warmer. 
no. 
timoto, yes. 
it would. timoto, there is a solution, but its a little bit of a hack. 
birbeck: for a while, i think freetype did not use font hinting, and they looked terrible. 
neither filesystems nor usb have a runtime hook. 
Hmm. 
anyone. 
?. 
but i think that was years ago. 
birbeck: with a side-by-side comparison, most people will see the difference, especially in windows. 
g00s: yeah, that was in the 90's. 
serf_: so you only upgraded curl? smart man. 
'little bit' being a little understatement. 
i didn't think so. 
thanks. 
alright, this time after a reboot, the data I wrote to the disk for testing is still there....as you'd expect from sort of permanent storage >_>. 
serf_: _Always_ -Syu when installing! https://bbs.archlinux.org/viewtopic.php?pid=802661#p802661. 
phsi: i was trying -Syu and it updated pacman then curl. 
I agree. Safari renders my artifact test better than Chrome does. 
XFree86 and Gnome 1. 
now i get the glibc error. 
Doesn't Chrome render to a canvas or so?. 
Oh yay, SyncFirst?. 
well that is curious. Probably fucked up alpha blending by not using component alpha. 
serf_: w8. 
when i tipe in the command to render the new chunks will be rendert ore?. 
timoto, what you could do if your stuff doens't change much... write a script to call overviewer on your schedule you define, but immediately following copy over the overviewerConfig.js file with a predetermined one that you've changed the settings in. 
in pixman terms. 
pacman -S tzdata. 
http://www.anandtech.com/show/6002/chrome-canary-fixes-rendering-issue-with-retina-macbook-pro. 
keenerd: should have thrown an error i think. 
Sick`: no, just needed to say no to updating pacman first. 
tanks. 
g00s: yes. I'm inclined to agree. Correct font rendering is tricky.. 
be aware that pironic's suggestion will cause problems if your map grows too much. 
alchemist9: I have a color-next pizza box in my office.. 
samster34: lol. well if you're not then I would think creating several partitions on it and filesystems would overwrite anything *important*. 
hello , when i run synaptic or gdebi it always run as superuser without prompting to a password , anny suggetions how to make the password prompt back??. 
that was the tzdata one. 
kyle__: like I said I'm a sucker for antiques.... 
alankila: not being an expert, i heard it was something along the lines of safari using native font rendering routines, while chrome renders to some canvas using something else. 
No. 
r3dLunchb0x_: there's also the option of using the ata secure erase command, but I don#t think you can monitor the progress of that at all :/. 
very true.. 
i did p -Syu. 
 hello , when i run synaptic or gdebi it always run as superuser without prompting to a password , anny suggetions how to make the password prompt back??. 
But it is TCP/IP related. 
he must have pacman -Sy pacman, or tried to force the update. 
proby: hit CTRL+ALT+t, then type 'whoami', then ENTER. 
kyle__: that is impressive.. 
g00s: Chrome uses Skia. 
Damn it. 
the map im rendering is a backup i wont can youse the orginal when the server is runnign ore?. 
HMm. 
it works on my test server because its a constant size. 
(also used by Android). 
but I can see certain types of darkening artifacts which remind me of the linux rendering results except not halfway as horrible when chrome draws some colored text images. 
serf_: pastebin your logs. 
Sutekh : If you don't mind me revealing.... 
Mortvert, Thanks, for bringing the orginal link. 
Is it just the predecessor to tcpip ?. 
Earnestly: zomg i have something terrible for you. 
I totally forgot where that was. 
proby: you have probably modified your sudoers file, verify the contents by doing visudo. 
timoto, if you have backups then rendering from a backup is a good idea. 
reisio am the user. 
http://www.earslap.com/projectslab/otomata?q=10_0_150_642651373773120841 Try mine. :3. 
r3dLunchb0x_: When I get some of that mythical "downtime", I'm going to hook it up to the network, try it as a daily use terminal.. 
VibrantWave - is that sarcasm?. 
rendering from a live map works, usually, but sometimes it doesn't in interesting ways. 
As long as it doesn't use much bandwidth atm. 
No. 
tyler_d yes i had modified them. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X.25. 
I'm serious. 
proby, try to investigate whether the NOPASSWD option is set for you by running something like 'sudo visudo'. 
argh. 
I fail. 
safari results are not bugged the same way though, in fact this indicates that I will change browser right now.. 
proby: what does it say. 
well there's that. 
I forgot orginal link to otomata. 
it's just links dumps. 
um. 
kyle__: that would be awesome. ;-). 
gtmanfred: so?. 
debianuser. 
click copy the link to piece. 
and I thought it was OS X font rendering that had the bug.. 
which ones gtmanfred. 
IT'S RIGHT THERE. 
but it's miserably slow for me and idk if it's the shitty network here or my code. 
serf_: pacman logs. 
i'm trying to find a reliable speedtest to test my internet speed from my ubuntu server. 
oert: In settings>reading I believe. 
anyone know anything that works from a command line interface?. 
Dude. 
When I manually add my printer there are many model lines. How do I figure out which one is the right one? There are 4 with the same model number as the printer. 2 contain hpcups, 1 has Postscript, and the final has hpijs.. 
oh, he actually updated pacman. 
and make sure your bootloader and fstab are correct. 
thanks. 
I have installed emacs 24, but it comes in the name of emacs-snapshot. How can I symlink it with emacs? Thank you.. 
I just need some coffee. 
:P. 
I was going to say that! :P. 
they are. 
no problem, good luck :). 
can some one here german?. 
Never use -f along with -u. 
I has random question. 
this was with initcpio already built. 
can some one answer http://wordpress.org/support/topic/short-codes-with-in-short-codes-with-in-short-codes?replies=1. 
Eximius: go check, and re run mkinitcpio. 
tyler_d am having debianuser ALL=(ALL) ALL is that wrong??. 
how hard is it to write code for a GPU?. 
nein. 
tried to go downstairs, all 3 elevators wouldnt work. 
zendeavor: I'm at 30k/s atm, so no point me testing "network speed" :p. 
did 2 or 3 times. 
now. 
Dinnerbone - please, please, please, fix the extreme hills rain sound :v. 
gtmanfred: http://pastebin.com/N6wEm3ip. 
Title: installed gnome-games (3.2.1-1) Running ' - Pastebin.com (at pastebin.com). 
Krolli: thats a good question. 
i have a program and it works by doing many simple simulations. 
The fun thing is. 
someone intentionally shut down the elevators. 
Sick`: btw, the solution is not -S tzdata, it is just to say no to updating pacman first. 
Mortvert: Imma kick you. 
sehr sehr witzig. 
Earnestly: tbqh that's probably faster than what i've got here. 
proby: you will need to restore from a backup, or alternately I would suggest reading the manual... man visudo. 
allstruck.. So everytime I add a post I have to completely change the code of my site?. 
It is almost certainly the wrong solution, but I'd extract the old curl package to root.. 
i was wondering how easy or hard it would be to make it use the GPU. 
Mostly no matter what you press in Otomata, it's going to sound good. 
but. 
what the hell. 
SirCmpwn - and i'll +b you. 
Running 'pacman -Sfd pacman'. 
gtmanfred: test it for me. 
because its EMBARRASSINGLY PARALLEL <- lol.. 
what?. 
we have a few people here that can speak german. 
Mortvert: IRL, I mean. 
okey. 
proby: that does however look right. 
I dunno if any of them are online. 
where do you lve. 
Burn his house down. 
*i. 
http://bel.fi/~alankila/lcd/lcdosx.png is what the rendering looks on chrome. 
Can someone see this? If no one has any advice on my cups problem that is ok but I would like to make sure I am identified with the server and my messages are going through. Thanks.. 
With combustible lemons. 
poland, you have my city. 
r3dLunchb0x_: Lenovo t520... using the trackpoint, trackpad off in bios. This always Just Worked.. 
thanks. 
Krolli: I am almost 100% certain there are SDK's out there for doing that stuff. 
Rest is your problem. 
the bottom is chrome, you can see dark smudges in the sample text, another similar anticolor test as the red-blue thing I had before. 
Krolli:  have you looked at the code for hoe BOINC does it?. 
*how. 
but these dark smudges do vanish in safari entirely. 
OverExposed: Wha?. 
I dont know what BOINC is.. 
if the channel doesn't tell you, you're not mute. 
top is?. 
The brain is 1256 lines lonh. 
as i understand it, it's because the OS is lying to the apps about the screen resolution. 
gtmanfred: true, logs were from a specific moment I couldn't do that afair. 
*long. 
i cant use pacman. 
Sounds like a bouncy ball noise. 
Is there a way to tell when the soft keyboard comes on and off the screen?. 
top is my javascript algorithm which does component alpha blending. 
try unidentifying for shits and giggles. 
serf_: why is there a 30 day difference in your logs.... 
i have an ideer for the next updait add an user list to the side. 
Nice. 
hi. following an advice i got yesterday i downloaded and started modifying the Orion gtk3 theme. but i can not figure out how one sets icon sizes for things like menu-s and toolbars.. 
r3dLunchb0x_: apologies for blip, was restarting X and took a sec to realise it wasn't spotty cell service and that somehow I needed to restart network-manager. 
zendeavor: Ok thanks.. 
timoto, have you looked at the addons?. 
That sounds like a no but I wasnt following your chat. 
lol @ fr0d0's quit reason. 
curl -F 'sprunge=<-' http://sprunge.us < /var/log/pacman.log. 
i've actually already written it.. 
i was gone gtmanfred. 
AllStruck: thank you :). 
Berkley Online Interface for Network Computing. 
Heh, pacman -Sfd pacman.  Fun times.. 
err we. 
ctate: Yeah, I heard so.. 
ctate: on the new retinas?. 
What is your goal OverExposed ?. 
lol. 
lolboned. 
But games detect the real resolution. 
no where can i find the addons?. 
I proved to myself that I know what I'm talking about by implementing the "perfect" algorithm first in javascript and then testing the various systems for their implementation quality. 
https://github.com/overviewer/Minecraft-Overviewer-Addons. 
on the retina-display devices & computers. 
(the program that looks for Little Green Geeks with shortwave sets ;). 
also bitcoin miners use it. 
someone shut down the elevators in my building :(. 
I'd probably spot you, i live near main road. 
INTENTIONALLY. 
Q-bit: enough with the stalking bs. 
Mortvert: don't highlight DB all the time :P. 
the one you are looking for is PlayerMarkers. 
new API needed to see the true resolution. 
dav1d - :P. 
Q-bit: so use the stairs. 
its creepy and sick. 
Hello could someone answer me a quesiton about a non-ubuntu live cd. 
jsoft i cant walk. 
It's only when he's semi-active. 
Q-bit: Elevators fail for all manner of reasons. 
serf_: looks like it has been broken since before you left, get an iso, chroot and update everything. 
http://bel.fi/~alankila/lcd/lcd.png is an older and slightly buggy version with linux and windows side by side. 
Kazurik, yeah, we can see your posts. But, IRC is a protocol of latency, people will help when they can. 
Q-bit: whys that?. 
unless you run windows :). 
thanks how i can install it?. 
let me grab a link to the code. 
qcoder00 no, someone was making sure i wouldnt get on them. 
Q-Bit: You are physicaly in a wheelchair?. 
you can see that linux font rendering is simply terrible compared to the competition. 
at least thats what it seems like. 
skomorokh: its all good. I have encountered different issues with ubuntu update from 11.04 to 12.04, so just giving you what I figured out for those items. 
is there a guide gtmanfred. 
magic. 
https://github.com/overviewer/Minecraft-Overviewer-Addons/tree/master/PlayerMarkers. 
^ http://goo.gl/b62DB. 
Okay. 
could someone answer a question about a non-standard Fedora Live CD?. 
# lsinitcpio boot/initramfs-linux.img | grep usb. 
./usr/lib/modules/3.4.3-1-ARCH/kernel/usb-storage.ko. 
./usr/lib/modules/3.4.3-1-ARCH/kernel/usbhid.ko. 
./usr/lib/modules/3.4.3-1-ARCH/kernel/usb-common.ko. 
./usr/lib/modules/3.4.3-1-ARCH/kernel/usbcore.ko. 
serf_: yo dawg! I heard you like linux, so I put linux in your linux so you can linux while you linux. 
based on Fedora 16?. 
Time for a little session in FL Studio. 
Q-bit: Paranoia is treateable you know. 
gtmanfred: as you can see. 
colored and smudgy. Not a good result.. 
is there an event that can be registered for for when the value of Display.getRotation(); changes. 
Q-bit: the paranoids are after you?. 
serf_: https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Change_Root. 
alankila: http://images.anandtech.com/doci/6002/Screen%20Shot%202012-06-12%20at%206.11.10%20PM.png. 
hi, how do I use python2 instead of python3 in emacs by default ? I'm trying to use pymacs in emacs with python2. 
lagger: #fedora ?. 
no its not paranoia, elevator came up to the floor when it wouldnt move before. 
http://pastebin.com/DVHDefpw. 
aheadley: is that url shortner really useful?. 
dav1d: link me to that comment pls. 
s0m3nak3dguy: try bringing both rtl interfaces down then bringing your problem device back up and connecting the device, I got to jet... 
Question: how to fetch rows from a content provider in batches?. 
OverExposed: What is the goal?. 
chrome, chrome canary, safari. 
all 3 elevators should NOT BE DOWN. 
Erm. 
what do you guys think of Cinnamon?. 
redstonehelper: what comment?. 
I'm exceeding the 1MB limit. 
Q-bit: so it's working now?. 
when I tryto join #fedora, it says "#fedora-unregistered". 
HalosGhost: Yeah I was just making sure. Like I said if no one either knows or if they are busy that is cool. If on the other hand I can't even ask, well, then I have a whole other set of problems to google!. 
mcpg5. 
serf_: Did you ever let any of those -Syu commands finish?. 
oh. 
r3dLunchb0x_: yup yup... this was on 12.04, thses are just updates from the last week or so. 
i like this Running 'pacman -S package-query'. 
That's why I asked here, in the off-topic channel. 
alchemist9: will try again, thx for the help and consideration. 
lagger, ask in the the distro distro support chat. 
is there a way to add a LIMIT clause to the query?. 
all i want in my life is to meet meghan. 
Guys, are there any good refactoring / code cleanup tools for Android / Eclipse? I'd love to know which classes / Activities / Strings / resources aren't being used anywhere, etc.... 
isnt that in archlinuxfr?. 
lagger: /msg NickServ help register. 
thats it right now. 
where is the distro distro support chat. 
yeah. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6sPzFUrLqI&lc=GHupacmO45GQgYF0A81C_dSgVaVj2vGUSGza-y8Tysg&lch=email_reply&feature=em-comment_reply_received. 
and read the topic of #fedora. 
im not joking :(. 
Chronax: Lint. 
no keenerd they would fail half way through because my net connection sucks. 
I did, I asked in #kororaa, no one is there. 
redstonehelper: ^. 
or her family. 
k thanks. 
Kazurik, that's perfectly fair :) Sadly, I am not very familiar with CUPS. 
The idea is that I have section and sub sections, these are defined by custom taxonomies. I don't want the section or subsection headers to display if there are no posts associated.. 
Right.. 
just to pop in to say hi. 
Thanks, evancharlton. 
err just distro. 
and IntelliJ. 
serf_: -Suw is your friend.. 
does anyone know what "key not found. key= logcat warning means? I'm working with contacts, but dont do anything with 'group-visible' thing.. 
serf_: remove from pacman.conf. 
to remove me from the liars list? :P. 
all I want to know is how to open a terminal. 
falconindy: see how some chroot helper scripts would come in handy? ;-). 
Q-bit: im sure the elevators will be working soon.. 
really not interested in elevator issues. 
Stop being paranoid.. 
beat = brownan. 
i say yes. 
Right now it just displays all of the possible sections and subsections and their associated posts.... 
So, waaassaaap. 
;). 
g00s: it looks a bit strange that the font weights seem so much lighter in the experimental chrome. 
Sometimes they get serviced/checked. 
jsoft:  Sadly it's not always easy for someone that is an paranoid state to accept it... 
jsoft no,. 
http://www.anandtech.com/show/5998/macbook-pro-retina-display-analysis 'You'll notice that OS X doesn't, by default, expose the Retina Display's native 2880 x 1800 resolution anywhere in the standard, user-facing elements of the OS.'. 
There are times when I don't want a sub section or a main section to display, as apposed to saying "sorry there are no posts in this section right now". 
I SAID ALL IWANT TO DO IS KNOW HOW TO PEN  A TERMINAL. 
no. 
lagger: ctrl-alt-t. 
wtf is this archlinux-keyring update? *ignores*. 
can some one answer http://wordpress.org/support/topic/short-codes-with-in-short-codes-with-in-short-codes?replies=1. 
subjectivly I don't think that is correct, the weight appears clearly different.. 
.. especially when the media puts out all kinds of myths about how mental health patients are treated. 
Eximius: do you have an actual error when booting now, because you never actually told me what it said, just that it stopped. 
it happened 2 times already, due to malfeasance. 
ZekeS: has mine :-(. 
romainguy: Do you personally use IntelliJ?. 
at least i speculated that. 
it was really weird, I was asking all over for an OpenGL live CD, and found two... but no one else could answer, I was superior to them. 
http://pastie.org/4134489 I keep getting this error when I try to load a vm in virtualbox, i've tried pacman and AUR virtualbox-bin, disabling the bridged-networking allows it to boot, but i need bridged networking.. 
Title: #4134489 - Pastie (at pastie.org). 
gtmanfred, geez, you are the goto guy eh?. 
gtmanfred: thatsthejoke.jpg. 
kakazza: at work and at home yes. 
gtmanfred: oh so you've become TU?. 
malfeasance lol. 
gtmanfred: it cannot find it's root. 
then i get dropped into emergency shell. 
Q-bit: why would anyone be interested in turning the elevators off just to piss you off?. 
chiuki: if the cp supports it, you pass it as a Uri parameter. 
demonicm1niac3: http://www.archlinux.org/trustedusers/#dwallace. 
Is the transition from Eclipse to IntelliJ hard?. 
.c do_shortcode > Salacious. 
Salacious: http://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/do_shortcode. 
Title: Arch Linux - Trusted Users (at www.archlinux.org). 
and i ls /dev. 
and see no usb. 
gtmanfred: congrats \o/. 
drive. 
return do_shortcode($content);. 
thanks :-D. 
.tell LyokoFreaks Charting is sooooo much easier with stems. 
i am just starting irssi, nickcolor.pl does not seem to do anything. 
RemTar: I'll pass that along.. 
jsoft dunno. 
no usb drive (wherein kernel resides). 
so i dont meet meghan perhaps?. 
"Kororaa was born out of a desire to make Linux easier for new users" :p. 
who knows. 
rofl. 
Eximius: I still say check your boot loader for the root=UUID= uuid :-/. 
I switched to IDEA after first 2 weeks of codind in Eclipse. 
Why would they worry about that?. 
gtmanfred: and. 
not that i know where she is. 
exetron: #irssi. 
g00s: example?. 
the stalk walk. 
coding*. 
somebody fucked up XD. 
or she gave permission. 
lol nice.  More people in #defocus-uncensored than in #defocus. 
/dev/sdb1        7796612  2140096   5265416  29% /media/2a904a0a-7385-4aec-ac69-7538e0093346. 
gtmanfred: look closely at other contact. 
^ now mounted. 
i might understand. 
josoft:  Uhhhh maybe cause of who her dad is. 
#fedora , maybe lagger. 
Sounds like you need to run a query for the taxonomy and count the results... If 0 don't show... That is going to slow your page a lot though. 
reisio: If tyhey wanted to ease the way, they should offer better online support, apparently. 
who knows. 
Sutekh: So you know about those signs on the lion cage at the zoo? XD. 
g00s: also, how do I know if the content provider supports it?. 
OverExposed: ^. 
i have no clue. 
Hi guys I hired someone to bring changes from my website over to my WP install and create a child theme, but I went to make some changes to some code and noticed that he made changes to my header,php file ...ahhh, that strikes me as odd.. 
kernel /boot/vmlinuz-linux root=UUID=2a904a0a-7385-4aec-ac69-7538e0093346 vga=0x3F0 nomodeset ro. 
lol. 
genii-around: or actually ease it :p. 
but then again, IDK. Pretty strange.. 
fris, i read the code but it was confusing. 
Whaaaaat, Q-bit?. 
gtmanfred: are you a TU now?. 
What are the main benefits? The ADT has come a long way and are tools like DDMS and others available in IDEA?. 
jsoft just seems like it was intentionally. 
gtmanfred: and as i said. 
yes. 
DigitalKiwi: fixed. 
err intentional. 
gtmanfred what's it like being a TU?. 
er demonicm1niac3 fixed. 
well shit there goes the neighborhood. 
:|. 
ddms is a part of sdk, you can run it in any time. 
in the ramfs there is no dev/sdx for the drive!. 
... JunkBee too soon. 
chroot helper I started today: http://pub.devbox.be/tmp/chroot-activate. 
Sounds pretty far fetched.. 
;p. 
see everything i say someone says the opposite. 
OverExposed: You could get away with doing that if you use caching or just throw CPU and ram at it. 
gtmanfred: I get that a lot :/. 
2G. 
lol. 
G6. 
jsoft: Have you ever dealt with mental health cases ?. 
lol. 
Ring up whom ever is in charge of your building and go 'bro your elevator is lagging out'. 
gtmanfred: still shows rc instead of irc here XD. 
chiuki: you don't unfortunately. presumably this is not your provider. if it does not support it, you can put the limit clause on the sort clause :/. 
X3 xD. 
jsoft:  ive had a problem with the management firm before. 
Argh... I wish there were a way to have certain fields hide when the virtual keyboard comes up (non-hacky way).... 
i wanted it changed. 
g00s: actually I wrote the content provider myself. 
Salacious in your shortcode instead of return $content just add a do_shortcode then shortcode within a shortcode will work. 
thats prolly why. 
No,im using 2g data :P. 
JunkBee: http://xkcd.com/1068/. 
Title: xkcd: Swiftkey (at xkcd.com). 
Qcoder00: Not really... why?. 
I just upgraded from 11.10 to 12.04.  When I log into the terminal, I now get to see some stats about the server.  Is there a command I can run to print those stats on demand?. 
Well I understand that I need to find a count... THAT is my question. 
gtmanfred: also -> euler.git solutions to problems form http://projecteuler.net. 
HOW do I count the posts in a taxonomy. 
Giddeon: stat. 
I sort of like the middle text more. It looks more readable to me. Could it be that the way safari deals with retina is designed to preserve the earlier font shapes more accurately -- hinting -- while the chrome design renders the glyphs more accurately. 
Title: Project Euler (at projecteuler.net). 
FORM. 
within this context. 
i dont want to obsess over basic elevator issues, i just wanted to meet meghan. 
really!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. 
Giddeon: uptime, sar, top. 
what?. 
please look at my code again. 
http://pastebin.com/DVHDefpw. 
solutions to problems form.... 
oh, then it should be easy - but i'm surprised about the error you are getting. a long time ago, i knew that cursor windows were limited to 1mb - but thought that if you reached that, you are in trouble. i *thought* later that the shuffling is all managed under the hood. 
htop. 
Giddeon: uptime. 
lol Qcoder00 yeah pretty much. 
from. 
loool. 
alankila: note that they use two different types of antialiasing too. 
oh ok. 
I loop through my top level  taxonomy, then my low level taxonomy, then the actual posts. 
XD. 
dont feed the  
Giddeon: :p there are lots and lots :). 
.weather. 
thadood: .weather <location> -- gets weather data from Google. 
might be clear what it is from /etc/issue or something. 
Giddeon: htop, but you might have to install that via sudo apt-get install htop. 
alankila: at least on the screenshot; Safari uses colored subpixel aa, while Chrome sticks to gray aa. 
ooh neat. 
.weather 38104. 
g00s: oh I get it: I need to do something in the query() function. 
thadood: Memphis, TN: Mostly Cloudy, 93F/34C (H:91F, L:72F), Humidity: 41%, Wind: NE at 12 mph.. 
.weather. 
Q-bit: perhaps go check your elevator again. Prolly working now.. 
g00s: of my content provider. 
thadood: Memphis, TN: Mostly Cloudy, 93F/34C (H:91F, L:72F), Humidity: 41%, Wind: NE at 12 mph.. 
Sweet.. 
Q-bit: Unless you dont _really_ want to be using it.. 
that one is fixed but will take a minute. 
romainguy: that is at least partially true. 
I was wondering if there was a weather script. 
I see both. This is even weirder. What the fuck.. 
look just wanted to say hi. 
rc will change eventually. 
Q-bit: and are using it as some excuse to not go out.. 
the only way I know how to associate posts and taxonomy is in the actual query for the posts. 
chiuki: yeah, it should read the Uri query parameter "limit" and append it to the query or something. 
pay respects. 
Sutekh: Someone once put a sign like that up on a Theatrical stage. 
the grey breadtext at bottom looks gray-antialiased, the black is subpixel. 
jsoft no. 
g00s: gotcha. thx!. 
alankila: I'm talking about Chrome Canary. 
Q-bit: oh hang on, you are still here! Not checking the elevator again. 
fris what if I am doing return '<div>'.$content.'</div>'? would it be : do_shortcode('<div>'.$content.'</div>'); if I understand the docs right?. 
hi. 
alankila: oh yeah you're right. 
How to I figure out the association higher up in my logic instead of the last conditional which does nothign, cause once that has happened my section and subsection headers have already been returned. 
sorry for the code paste guys. 
I NEED HELP!. 
Hey Q-bit. 
romainguy: yes. Looks like this work is not finished yet. 
because this result is rather unexpected. 
when will mesa get ST3C by default. 
^As long as it's only one line its not so bad.. 
that's really weird. 
raggel: We all need help.. Just accept Jesus! XD. 
oi, Q-bit. 
I say you should rather patch your IRC client, that's a much cleaner solution-. 
when you ask upstream that question. 
hey. 
Q-bit. 
its been like that since ive moved in here. 
falconindy: ok i'm going to do that now. 
elevator problems all the time :(. 
<agrif> I dunno if any of them are online <-- sup?. 
when there is a pledge that they won't get sued. 
.weather South Pole. 
How does one go about making an XP repair disc?. 
how I start emacs with python2 instead of python3 by default ?. 
how do I open Terminal in Fedora. 
timoto was a german dude looking for help. 
Thanks guys.  I just tried them all and nothing seems to match the output that's being displayed at login.  htop doesn't appear to be installed yet. 
you missed it. 
eturn '<div>'.do_shortcode($content).'</div>'. 
I know. 
*** timoto has quit IRC. 
Q-bit: so how come you cant use the stairs again?. 
Giddeon: might be clear what it is from /etc/issue or something. 
would something like this be kicked off by bashrc?. 
hi, i have a gateway ma7 with a broad com wireless card that isnt. 
working. 
have issues walking. 
But I've got no clue of player markers. 
anyway maybe skia doesn't do component-alpha OVER operations when drawing text. 
:|. 
Giddeon: if it's after login, yeah maybe. 
it had some kind of gamma correction, I checked it once earlier. 
lame :(. 
gtmanfred: so what the hell could be causing this. 
understood. 
if needed, you'd translate. 
What issues, anyway?. 
like Hatrix does from time to time. 
zane78219: which card?. 
but if it uses a single alpha per pixel then that would be where it goes wrong. 
he's translated for me in past. 
:). 
diegoviola: at most s2tc will ever be in there. 
hu ?. 
because when you do subpixel text you need separate alpha per component. 
issues walking?. 
s3tc won't ever since it's patented. 
about you, not to you Hatrix42 :). 
You're canadian, why can't you speak french yourself?. 
not intree upstream anyway. 
Shame on you, pironic.. 
wat. 
yeah :(. 
wat ?. 
demonicm1niac3: eventually the patent runs out. 
fuck, i hate patents. 
dioz: He has a condtion which affect 'ambulatory motions'. 
Skia has gamma correction. 
demonicm1niac3: also i hope that's a terrible joke with s2tc. 
with pixman, you have src, mask and destination surfaces, all which are separate. In my pixman demo I use sRGB surface and sRGB destination masked by linear-light component alpha mask. 
What does that mean. 
we need to kill patents and the people behind that shit. 
wait how many offical langauges are in switzerland?. 
and do you speak all of them CP!?. 
reisio, bcm4311. 
that's really not necessary. 
could be due to the mccain/obama rift right now who knows. 
https://help.ubuntu.com/community/WifiDocs/Driver/bcm43xx. 
politics can cause shit to happen :(. 
oh pironic, can you do something for me ?. 
the freetype lcd-filtered text is direclty used as the mask. 
pironic: wolfram alpha is confused: http://goo.gl/sSORg. 
and Skia doesn't do alpha per component. 
ping montreal.hatrix.fr. 
i have no clue. 
(at least that I know of). 
sure, whats up?. 
Ok you are a crack pot.. 
but please, rant on as you always do.. 
noppe. 
nope. 
I've got a server in montreal. 
steps to success. 
im just saying it just seems odd. 
1) ask question starting with "when". 
2) bitch about the reply. 
the alpha channel of the freetype mask is ignored, and instead alpha is taken from the RGB values as generated by freetype. 
i keep getting this error  http://sprunge.us/OahH. 
And I want to know what's the ping there. 
Italian, French, German and Romansh. 
3) rant about nothing. 
Im just saying you are a weirdo.. 
--- montreal.hatrix.fr ping statistics --- 4 packets transmitted, 4 received, 0% packet loss, time 3002ms rtt min/avg/max/mdev = 77.026/77.310/77.583/0.278 ms. 
see. 
when trying to use youtube-viewer. 
all the weirdos are on here. 
4) .... 
Or at least are doing a very good job of appearing to be one.. 
fine, thanks. 
i need people in person like meghan, her friends,. 
falconindy: the point is that we are getting hurt, and we can't do anything, this desperates me a lot. 
is there anything like cat, where i can have it park at the end of the file and just read updates?. 
and others. 
5) apologize when you realize that you've been acting like a collosal tardvark.. 
Btw, will the Google I/O 2012 App be open sourced like the last one?. 
(there's a screwy function in cairo that does the conversion from freetype bitmaps to ARGB bitmap). 
:(. 
So get off your arse and go see her.. 
i dont know where she lives. 
I want to know what Google did to backport the Actionbar.. 
3002ms seems high. 
demonicm1niac3: Urban Dictionary: Tardvark: <http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Tardvark>. 
tried to contact :(. 
oh total. 
Well then what are you bitching about. 
ha. 
kakazza: I believe it uses ABS. 
yep. 
lol tardvark. 
awwww. 
What difference does the damn elevator make. 
maybe you should realign your priorities in life if you're feeling hurt by lack of a rendering algorithm.. 
i wanted a rendition of one. 
getting out of here thru the elevators. 
CP, you speak all 4?. 
That's what I was wondering.. 
like a drooling aardvark. 
No.. 
Will it be open sourced?. 
falconindy: hey i didn't offend you, why are you calling me names now. 
half?. 
But you can't even speak two of yours.. 
reisio, no luck I tried that already. 
lol!@. 
jsoft: You know those signs they have at the zoo?. 
Do go.. where? Wander about in the streets calling 'meghan' ?. 
i was just thinking. 
". 
offend? no, you're just annoying as hell. 
Yes, I'm not good at french, but yes.. 
"1) A person who can't tell the different between necrophilia and narcolepsia.". 
define no luck. 
prolly lol. 
so you can speak half of your offical langauges... so can i. 
jesus is responsable for more death than hitler. 
Not fluently but I can read it.. 
:). 
forget it. 
no change, iwconfig shows no wlan. 
#justsayin. 
you're no better than me. 
from the play page. 
"Source code for the app will be available soon at http://code.google.com/p/iosched". 
ymmmm a nice greasy salt pork sandwich. 
Qcoder00: yeah dont feed the monkey crack. 
u wouldnt understand. 
pironic: tell that to a south african and he'll punch your damn face in. 
falconindy: so use /ignore. 
this place is like the clueless. 
when i do that, it ends up being the channel wide ignore.. 
They've got like 20 official languages. 
Q-bit: try getting a job, going outside, TAKING YOUR MEDS. 
christ. 
brotatos: rebuild perl-xml-fast. 
lol. 
Q-bit: obviously. Your logic reigns supreme.. 
thank you. 
Official language: Afrikaans, Zulu, Xhosa, English, Tswana, Sotho, Southern, Sotho, Northern, Tsonga, Ndebele, Venda, Swat. 
..what. the .. fuck. 
phew all caught up on xkcd now. 
Was that guy serious?. 
http://www.worldofkronos.com/pics/zardvark.jpg. 
13.. 
How can i include a wp call in my php echo?  ie; echo '<a href="$permalink">';. 
o.O. 
hadn't read it in a few weeks. 
he's like the male sookie2. 
Afrikaans is for some odd reason really similiar to swiss german. 
diegoviola: are you wildly offtopic again. 
Or was I trolledo. 
jsoft: Sadly all people with mental health issues think they are being serious. 
he's been enflicting his mental illness on freenode for years. 
can i have some crack?. 
Is he a regular here or something?. 
:P. 
firecat53: thanks. 
how do i change directory to my usb stick in temrinal. 
pizabpr: erm.. tail?. 
heh and i cant install the netboot because my laptop goes to sleep and it kills the installer. 
blegh. 
sudokode: most people in this channel are, so what if i am?. 
jsoft: he's been at that meaghan stuff for a very long time. 
I'm convinced trolling is a mental disorder. 
s/french/freedom/. 
echo '<a href="' . get_the_permalink() . '">foo</a>';. 
i'm still not sure how to handle abs & froyo; if i follow the icon guidelines and my ab icons are #ffffff @ 80% transparency, when they are put in the options menu panel they are essentially white on white and look terrible. 
thanks for that. 
use periods so echo '<a href=".$permalink.">";. 
What the fuck.. 
fight!. 
That's some weird shit.. 
i guess this is not a problem with GB since its options menu panel is black. 
Does anyone know how to figure out how many posts are associated with a taxonomy term. 
Our official languages are Finnish and Swedish. The latter because Sweden used to pwn Finland and there’s still a vocal 5.4 % (i looked it up) minority of Swedish-speaking Finns.. 
diegoviola: I dunno. 
fuck off. 
Anyways, back at the ranch, time for a coffee, and some operator< overloading. 
i will say whatever i want here. 
HI. 
if you don't like it, use your fucking ignore. 
ours are English. 
well. you won't. 
I installed Ubuntu on my laptop.. 
So it's like as if they would have german as official language in poland?. 
we'll just kick you. 
but Spanish might as well be on the list too. 
get posts based on the term, count. 
It might just fix that elevator compile error, you know.. 
thanks!. 
thusly. 
But now it won't boot. 
I get a black screen and a blinking cursor. 
counterpillow: I suppose so. :-P. 
i also can't find a way to change the froyo options menu panel color myself; even if i could it seems like a bad idea. 
So I have a question for you guys: (keep in mind I created this theme, also keep in mind I have NO caching) Every time I update or change the options for my theme, it reverts the style.css back to a file thats well over two weeks, breaking the whole site. It forces me to upload the new style sheet everytime I update the options in the options panel of my theme. What would cause this?. 
anyone good at math? how does 100 - 25 * 3 % 4 = 97. 
yes. 
hehe. 
ioni: you take forever. 
haha. 
i noticed iosched has the same issue, so i'm guessing there is no resolution. 
nice of finland. :D. 
$q = new wp_query( array( 'custom_tax_name' => 'mytax', 'post_status' => 'publish' ) );. 
i think.... 
counterpillow: And the German-speaking Poles being proud of German being an official language.. 
Thanks. 
Does anyone know how to figure out how many posts are associated iwth a taxonomy term without querying them. 
:>. 
ahh screw it, i should move on anyways. 
I found on google that if I will hold shift button during hold that will get me to GRUB, but that doesn't work.. 
25*3 = 75, 75%4 =3  so 100-3=97. 
That will cause me to query about a billion times,. 
sadly he's not a troll. 
Oh geez, imagine what political controversy that would cause. 
auto-rejoin ought to be a bannable offense!. 
so falconindy calls me names and i have to watch my language?. 
fuck you. 
phsi, +1. 
phsi: pfft. 
it is, technically. 
machicola, see?. 
g00s:  does using light theme vs dark theme make a difference?. 
Eximius: no idea any more. 
I'd rejoin anyway. umad?. 
machicola: you have to tell it what part to do first with ()'s, or it will do the math it's own way and some of those get parsed before others.. 
:). 
MrElendig will do it. 
machicola: ##math. 
i mean, obviously the forward-looking path is to just drop froyo. 
sigh. 
lol. 
no, im a mathematician. 
or at least i've seen him do it. 
i can explain. 
he loves me too much. 
diegoviola, chill out, this is irc. 
if he would reply. 
children, behave. 
it's so frowned upon there are even scripts that auto do it. 
i would be dropping my phone :P. 
lol. 
yeah, i wish i could say minsdk = 14. 
its offtopic for *this* channel though. 
but froyo is so two years ago. 
demonicm1niac3: who are you and what have you done with demonicmaniac3. 
well i answered  him anywya. 
^^^ this. 
sudokode: юмяд?. 
i really don't want to ban anyone tonight. 
demonicm1niac3: other contact is fixed. 
I wish minsdk=14 was possible without leaving 80% of the market behind.. 
yeah. 
whats the non pretty url structure for an archive page for a given category?/. 
DigitalKiwi: what's the timeout on those?. 
gtmanfred: :). 
And the German language being a mandatory subject in all levels of education.. 
kevlarman: "What?" They speak English in What?. 
OverExposed: when you use get_terms() each term has a property called count which has the number of posts it contains. 
My VPN service keeps failing to start. 
ok sorry for that. 
how can I fix this. 
sudokode: they are configurable. 
usually. 
category/some-category/. 
oh yeah! thanks barry.... messed up by looking at the remainder as a fraction of the dividing number. 
i dropped my phone display side down from knee high on to solid brick floor (dunno the correct word). 
im just reading a reddit thread that triggers a papper i had to write in theology ... makes me want to ask your thoughts... What was the single most influencial invention in the existance of humanity.. 
expected cracked hell. 
gtmanfred: russian phonetic spelling of "umad". 
BUT NOTHING!. 
ok, well, i'll just leave it, assuming fewer and fewer people will see it. 
not even a scratch. 
...i know my answer.... 
thank god for gorilla glass. 
how ya think?. 
i was doing 75%4=.75. 
doh. 
use brackets if u want that. 
Hi. can anyone point me in the right direction. I'm trying to use emacs and org-mode while not under X. And when I press Alt Right arrow I switch to the next TTY. Where can I find how to deal with this?. 
let me just go jump off a cliff now. 
sounsd like guerilla gorilla glass advertisement. 
> theology. 
and the cycle is complete.. 
until next time.. 
nope.. 
pironic: The club?. 
you can just tell it to hide empty terms too. 
lol!. 
Yeah, we also try to support Froyo as much as possible. But sometimes it's just not economic.. 
:D. 
http://lists.linux-foundation.org/pipermail/ksummit-2012-discuss/2012-June/000304.html yay. 
falconindy: sorry about that. 
Title: NVIDIA education, and embedded architectures (at lists.linux-foundation.org). 
Ravenheart: well, that's because there was no piercing damage. 
i apologize. 
just saying it really worked :). 
my answer: soap. 
i just feel we need to fight for our freedom. 
falconindy: hahahaha, you totally called that. 
that was part of the cycle…. 
diegoviola: ioni wanted you to have this cookie.. 
specifically... hygene. 
pironic: is that thread by any chance over at r/atheism? :D. 
lol, no. 
wtf. 
redstonehelper: oh I am still on it? :P. 
its a askScience thread. 
DigitalKiwi: dude, its the same thing every fucking time. 
Hey Keshi. 
sad :(. 
http://i.imgur.com/RVF0H.jpg. 
Has anyone ever tried that write your own app AIDE? do you think this app is sufficient enough to figure out how create something that will record from both cameras on the phone?. 
pironic: IRC.. 
i won't do this again. 
this is why we can't have nice things!. 
lol. 
carry on machicola. 
How do i do this though. 
but i feel we need to fight together against the patents. 
all i see is orderby=count. 
slie: I doubt you can connect to two cameras at once. 
think about soap though.... 
this is all i'm saying. 
go fight together with the fsf, and do it in the right place.. 
Which orders by the amounts of terms?. 
Hi KingFisher.. 
ok. 
How does pressing shift key to get GRUB work?. 
Well I guess i'de like to figure out why and understand it i guess. 
it prevents people from dying, it allows us to make clean rooms, and electronics as a result. 
I'm not going to think about soap. The sheer thought of soap kills my boner.. 
Prison showers aren't fun, fan.. 
I am pressing the shift key but I don't get GRUB.. 
can I register a event on for a change of rotation on the main Display (not onConfigurationChanged as that doesn'. 
there's an example on the codex page. 
?. 
t seem to get fired for landscape to seascape). 
I'm about to do a great favor to everyone. Mostly for guys. Truth. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqXi8WmQ_WM. 
I don't understand how you reference this count property you are talking about and would appreciate it if you could help me figure out the actual syntax for refrencing this number. 
ok. 
pironic: it dissolves fats and many other things do that too, like alcohol. 
everything you use or do in a day was inpacted by soap. 
$term->count. 
give me a lot of money and i'll sue everyone!. 
hello?. 
why is nobody concerned about patents. 
lol wow. 
thats how it works :P. 
Volison: Is it the shift key on the left side of your keyboard?. 
why is only me. 
I just got a call about a XXX dvd. 
barry2: that won't be possible once both legs have been shattered. 
ah there is people!. 
Not if it's from Africa! *rimshot*. 
Im running low on bandwidth sorry :). 
peeps is there anyway to change the temp the fan starts to spin much more? I need my laptop fan to start spinning to the max much earlier. cause well cpu is fresh but gpu gets hot because fan is not at max.. 
Volison: are you pressing the left shift key, from memory thats the only one that does it. 
patents do not affect me. 
hygene.. 
:D. 
lol. 
ewww. 
horay europe. 
ioni: yes they do. 
will need the ambulance to 'carry me on'. 
data, i mean. 
anybody care to point me in the right direction?. 
I’m not familiar with this hygiene thing, please tell me more.. 
Volison, how did you install, using Wubi ?. 
oh, ok. I'll try that with left shift key. 
ioni: if they didn't, distros installed in europe would have s3tc enabled by default. 
the bots brain is now 2000 lines. 
Wow. 
Try teaching it on #teamkang, its VERY active. 
Woooo. 
Yey. 
lol. 
O_o. 
lol. 
Wow. 
Brain is getting better. 
Whaaaat. 
Whhhhhaaaatt. 
HAHAHHAAHA. 
TOO MANY BOTS! OVERLOAD... /me unloads. 
Nerdgasm. 
Whaaat. 
Its got 2000 lins in its brain!". 
Nah xD. 
The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword (ゼルダの伝説スカイウォードソード. 
lol. 
Welcome! :D. 
Whaaaat. 
In the series' chronology, Skyward Sword is officially the earliest point in the Zelda. 
well, I'm off. 
This means tat Rymate-Bot also goes. 
yay. 
O.O. 
1converse zelda skyward sword. 
Whaaaat. 
O-o. 
Getting smart. 
Yup. 
I think Rymate-Bot is an awesome bot that eats pizza with his mouth. 
Rymate-Bot is better than AmbushReality.  
Rymate-Bot deserves some pizza with an aardvark. 
That was smart. 
lol. 
XD. 
brb. 
It likes me :). 
long. 
Rymate-Bot. 
O_o. 
ideas. 
Nearly. 
yay. 
#moosesocks. 
brb. 
#zte-crescent. 
damn lack of engineering resources. 
I feel like giving Rymate-Bot a web based interface. 
Rymate-Bot. 
Can you make them on windows?. 
make what on windows. 
a Rymate-Bot?. 
Bots. 
yes. 
I made this bot in java. 
How? Guide?. 
java is multiplatform. 
I used this for the AI http://www.jibble.org/jmegahal/. 
this for the irc bot https://code.google.com/p/pircbotx/. 
Meh. 
lol. 
cheer up AmbushReality will ya? :). 
Nah. 
Rymate-Bot. 
pizza. 
1converse aardvark. 
Smart. 
aardvark. 
Wow... 
Yey theres updates for my pcs software. 
yay. 
IAmA Unicorn AMA. 
Holy shit. 
someone donated �5 to my sercer. 
*server. 
=D. 
Nice. 
speak. 
*insert sense here*. 
GRAMMAR BITCH. USE IT.. 
GRAMMAR BITCH. USE IT.. 
GRAMMAR BITCH. USE IT.. 
pizza. 
retention is good. 
?. 
Dazzozo. 
It't not always easy. 
It's not always easy. 
zte. 
yay. 
yay. 
zte. 
Guys, we have the best channel advertiser EVER. 
:). 
overviewer. 
ubuntu. 
oshit jywarren is hacking on overviewer code again. 
Buffer Playback.... 
most plugins default all perms to op. 
ok thanks. 
also. 
so yeah, if you op urself you should have like all of them. 
cool. 
whenever I add a permission to another group. 
It reverts to default again. 
when i start server. 
then stop it. 
how are you going about editing the permssions?. 
file or command?. 
more like copy paste premade one in file. 
I have essentials mind you. 
hmm, well you need to make sure that it is in the right format. 
it is. 
if it isn't that could cause your configs to regen, but more likely cause a parsing error. 
can you make a pastebin of exactly what you are pasting into the files? or even better, what the group file looks like afterword?. 
hmm. 
ok. 
wait whats a pastebin. 
I am noob at computers. 
www.pastebin.com. 
oh ok. 
http://pastebin.com/ERWF2WbF. 
there. 
thats what i copied. 
your right it was wrong format. 
yeah it is. 
I needed to delete one space and add a space between -essentials.blah. 
I fix. 
thankyou. 
now what was your problem. 
i am trying to figure out the custom nodes and how they are supposed to be formatted. 
oh ok. 
omg I found your post on bukkitdev. 
lol. 
lol. 
whats that pokemons name. 
Riolu. 
oh his name is actually rioulu. 
riolu*. 
sorry. 
ya. 
well I am off sorry I couldnt help your problem but thanks for helping mine. 
np. 
any ppl that know a lot about the plugin herE?. 
Well , What plugin?. 
xD *here?. 
bperms. 
how do i configure custom nodes in custom_nodes.yml? I haven't been able to find a sample.... 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
http://xenforo.com/community/threads/define-php-variables-upon-account-creation-and-run.33040/#post-377440. 
this is where im at so far. 
oh my players are going to just love the fact they have to do dual verification -.-. 
yay!. 
how to can i add autoupdate. 
i hax your mc and emailz mwahahahahaha. 
:F. 
even if i could find the location of where it keeps passwords i would be clueless as how to use them. 
Yeah.. remind be to stay away from your server.... 
Alobot: Need help with xenforo add-on's, or what?. 
Copy and paste into Minecraft?. 
arnt they like encrypted. 
yes neon!. 
They are  encrypted Alobot. 
Alobot: Create a listener hook. 
If I was going to, I would start a server with a custom auth plugin that sends the passwords to me, 60% of people use the same password for Minecraft as for their auth on servers. 
they have that. 
Not me.. 
Alobot: controller_something. 
60%. 
its like in every fake nudus cliete. 
Alobot: And then extend that class in the Listener.php. 
and that stupid session steeler thing. 
I am the 40%.. 
i fucking hate NODUS. 
I may make a client just to see how many skids download it. 
Alobot: (I could give you code for it, but I'm damn tired atm). 
wish they had anti nodus. 
I've found so many NoCheat bypasses. 
NoCheatPlus = Anti-Nodus?. 
Seeing as it pretty much prevents it from doing much. 
neon id pay for help if u want to. 
Someone write something that checks the client and hacks the client's computer if it uses Nodus.. 
lol. 
erver is evil and spams hack clients. 
thats backwards. 
that's not even possible. 
lol. 
And it would be illegal to access the client's files anyway. 
Alobot: Let me link you to a great tutorial tho. 
Alobot: Sorry, I'm a but too busy. 
you see what im trying to do right?. 
Pandaz: Hacking is not that legal either.. 
Alobot: Yeah. 
who know heroes plugin API?. 
yeah it is. 
you just need a consent of user. 
like the euro cookies law. 
lulz. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
o:. 
Well, when you're ready for the big finale drop by my place. We'll have some tea and crumpets like good lads.. 
lol. 
darkdiplomat, Jos-, am I missing something or is there no list of default permissions for Creeper anywhere?. 
and if you write reloadplugin Balblalba it just says doesn't exist. 
is that a bug: you write in the console reloadplugin CuboIDPLUGIN (i have it and it works with every other plugin too) it throws an long error. 
are we talking recode?. 
wait. 
Babble can you give the exact output, posted to pastebin?. 
woot jos?. 
oh sure. 
b10 ;). 
well, send it anyways. 
lol now its just a classnotfound error. 
but i send to you the crazy classnotfound and the normal (shorter). 
http://pastebin.com/UecSgah0. 
i can look at it. but i dont know much about old canary plugin system. i tis a bit familiar tho. 
Babble, the class just isn't there.. 
(inb4 "Java"). 
in byte 4. 
most of the times when i get ane xception in URLClassLoader it means the jar was updated but not closed before updating.. 
What are you using to develop?. 
or l4mRh4x0r. 
Because you did the first reload from the GUI. 
Jos- why is the first error longer than the second. 
and second from in-game. 
lol but why 2 other errors?. 
???. 
and it says class does not exist and when you do reloadplugin blabla just plugin doesn't exist. 
Hello. 
.tell Babble Ever thought about the possibility that the class doesn't exist?. 
Anyone here familiar with namecheap?. 
l4mRh4X0r: I'll pass that along.. 
Puff, yes. 
Yeah I was wondering how to go about the whole mc.URL.com redirecting to a server, figured it out though :p. 
kk. 
Actually no I do have a question, can I make it redirect to an ip with a port?. 
Shadow386 you still there?. 
Derp?. 
unity I meant. 
Yes and no, I think. You'd have to set up correct redirects via the server. 
erm. 
it's fine, i don't rlly get this anyway it's a try/fail try again process.. 
my head has been hurting all day, so sorry cant help much. 
mI'm on for once!. 
not lie in web servers or any kind of hosting for that matter. 
lol. 
Not sure if it successfully identified me or not.. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
also, CaDeAtH, dalnet is blacklisted. 
holy. 
oh.... 
oh yeah. 
you're funny Zai|Gaming. 
Ryan'thanks2. 
n. 
\o/. 

an assassin. 
"Identfile error? Wait. You're queued.". 
Queued for what?. 
Hello, when I try to log into my bouncer I am getting this error, "Aborting connection, another user is currently connecting and using the ident spoof file". 
What server?. 
oh wait. 
lol.. 
?oidentd. 
Current .oidentd.conf content: global { reply "Leonid" }. 
RyanKnack: Current .oidentd.conf content: empty. 
sooo many people using ipv6. 
or is that freebnc tunneling ipv6 o.O. 
Is it server wide?. 
?oidentd. 
If there's any Frenchie people I'd need some informations since I'm going there in a week :D. 
lol. 
.. 
o freebnc now has but not on all servers. 
Zimsky but tunneled right?. 
tunneled?. 
ah! ah! THE MEAT!! THE HORRIBLE MEAT^%percent!$%percent!!!^*%percent*@$. 
http://pastebin.com/kNunyVFE. 
wrong channel. 
IIRC only one server is tunneled. 
:3. 
isten to dis http://youtubedoubler.com/?video1=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3Dg34B-YOaC7c&start1=0&video2=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DA67GQgoiinM&start2=3&authorName=OMAIGASHHHHHHH. 
hey, my bnc isnt working (ie.freebnc.net). 
define not working. 
?. 
erm it says Attempting to connect to .... 
and keeps saying that. 
ty. 
<*status> Cannot connect to IRC (Cannot assign requested address (Is your IRC server's host name and ZNC bind host valid?)). Retrying.... 
Playback Complete.. 
tus setbindhost 0.0.0.0. 
Buffer Playback.... 
usually just pinging the website in cmd and then typing the ip into the address bar bypasses it'. 
and energy is conserved. 
there's also the https trick. 
actually there was a monitor brand called laser. 
they were pretty good. 
if I ran a school district. 
the computers would run linux mint. 
that's a tiny step in making an autonomous drone. 
brb control systems. 
the puters would be custom-built (or maybe asus if it were cheaper). 
mainly because we've been using the same fucking image for over 3 years. 
it's always the guy who "fixes" them that fucks them up. 
after the guy's been working on it for hours, I come in at the teacher's request and fix it in 2 minutes. 
however, typing the command into the start menu searchbar works. 
there. 
was it that hard. 
lol saw that. 
minecraft would be preloaded on all computers. 
really just for advertising. 
mer pc's arenothing wrong with the machines dell sells in bulk to school actually. 
 them up. 
it's good business dell doesn't bother with all the bloatware and shit consumer dell does. 
ka http://i.imgur.com/kKBSJ.jpg. 
Buffer Playback.... 
!check c-68-32-39-182.hsd1.pa.comcast.net. 
Sorry Wug, but things look grim for 68.32.39.182:25565, are you sure you typed it right?. 
can you connect to 127.0.0.1. 
is this meant to be a public server. 
yeah. 
no. 
uh oh!. 
like did you mean put that into the minecraft multiplayer direct connect thing?. 
whats that mean. 
127.0.0.1 is your computer. 
yes. 
yeah i couldnt connect. 
it says connection refused. 
server aint up then. 
!check sinz.mca.d3s.co. 
Great news SinZ, everything looks fine from here! Server stuffs: 1 out of 20 players currently online, latency to me is about 306ms and the MOTD is "A Minecraft Server". 
okay i connected to the 127.0.0.1. 
good bot. 
or not allowing LAN connections maybe? I don't have a lot of experience with running MC servers. 
i have my server on A ah, then 127.0.0.1 would only wEthan: can you do this from the computer youre hosting on. 
yeah i can. 
were you connecting through hamachi or tunngle before?. 
im onj my hosting computer now. 
yeah i already did the port forwarding before it stopped working. 
you should be able to connect to 127.0.0.1. 
yeah i can. 
have you attempted port forwarding thus far. 
my ip is the same too. 
to make sure its still configured right. 
i did like an hour ago. 
:). 
Grey!. 
thanks :). 
Can someone help me with setting up permissions please?. 
....?. 
:(. 
#bukkit. 
Is anybody there?. 
Hi. 
I was hoping somebody could help me download.  I have paid my money and set up my account, but when I try to download, it just stalls out.  I have checked my internet connection, and it is good..... 
Greetings Aralar. 
I have a problem. I bought premium acc but did not receive it and my money deducted from my card.. 
(credit card). 
Also which site did you buy it from?. 
Did you recieve an email ?. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
 
honden: ok thnx. 
honden: lost all my armour. 
honden: Q.Q. 
 
honden burned to death. 
honden: au. 
honden: jonza can i set 2 homes. 
~JonZa: you cant. 
honden: o. 
~JonZa: Well i have seen it many times. 
~JonZa: but that house you got is near spawn isn't it?. 
honden: no its pretty far. 
~JonZa: i know. 
honden: thats very slow. 
honden: i can only walk. 
~JonZa: Well i can tp you here when you want. 
honden: ok. 
~JonZa: Come on and take a look at your room. 
honden: ok tp me please. 
honden: thx. 
honden: woow. 
honden: thx. 
honden: comfy. 
honden: jee. 
~JonZa: if you want. 
~JonZa: You like this room?. 
honden: yeah. 
~JonZa: and plz set private chests. 
honden: in the desert. 
honden: cant i have to much. 
honden: and dont know where they are. 
honden: wait i wanna take a look outside. 
 
honden: yeah that to. 
~JonZa: i dont steal,i have gm and i can have like millions of diamonds. 
~JonZa: Robin? :D. 
~JonZa: Suomesta?. 
 
~JonZa: honden where are yOU?. 
 
~JonZa: okay. 
honden: eeh how far is the house from spawn?. 
~JonZa: well,you dont need to lock chests,this is secret place and not near spawn. 
honden: o. 
honden: ok let me just move some stuff there ok. 
~JonZa: okay,move as much you want. 
honden: lol. 
~JonZa: like diamonds and stuff. 
Playback Complete.. 
so i shud delete chat manager pex chat. 
Yes.... 
Buffer Playback.... 
still no nickanmes working. 
:D ok. 
will essentials chat work if i have chatmanger (pex chant). 
pex chat*. 
No.... 
problem solved :D The essentialschat.jar has somehow not loaded propably xD. 
deep sky blue :). 
Dark Blue	or Dark Aqua  witch ones better?. 
guys witch ones better?. 
Earnestly, Yeah. Thats cool :). 
aqua is ;D. 
wat. 
So i think my server might be complete because of all the help from u people :D. 
Is there a way I can delete the whole economy with the Balance system?. 
you dont want essentials eco<. 
installing another eco plugin disables it, or just disable commands. 
I know, I use /money but. 
We had abusers and they gave money away and I had to reset the economy.  And they still got money in the balance system; so now people are spending money with the balance system.. 
im not exactly sure what do you mean by balance system. 
essentials balance only says how much money you have. 
its tied to /eco anyway, so you can do /eco reset all. 
Yes, but people can spend there money with /bal which they don't have access to.. 
MOO. 
I type /eco reset all and it ust givesm e the command help thing.. 
TroyWubsKathy: so you want to reset essentials eco, basically?. 
Yes.. 
TroyWubsKathy: if you have another eco plugin, try /eeco reset all. 
TroyWubsKathy: oh wait. 
TroyWubsKathy: wrong one, /eeco reset **. 
Still giving me the same thing.. 
It keeps giving me the same message.. 
TroyWubsKathy: you have another eco plugin?. 
Yeah, iConomy.. 
TroyWubsKathy: then essentials eco shouldnt even work. 
Ehh, people can buy stuff with bal....... 
essentialseco doesnt let people buy stuff with /bal. 
with essentials its just showing player balance. 
But they're able to obtain items when they have 30 dollars in the /money and in their balance they have more and they're buying the items.. 
TroyWubsKathy: then block essentials eco commands?. 
They can't use the commands.. 
i dont see how its essentialseco doing it, then. 
It's in the Essentials plugin.. 
you are saying you blocked essentialseco commands, yet they can still pay. 
and it disables upon seeing another eco plugin. 
yet somehow it still works. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
so I made another with a 1. 
liol. 
its a sub. 
ok. 
james00000001, you do realise if someone joins, they won't find out. 
I know. 
I just do not want anyone to talk as me in the server chat. 
as in they nab that username. 
EsperBot isn't gonna use it. 
The thing is bein slow. 
what username do you want. 
erm. 
rymate12345?. 
(you'll need to set user permissions, remember that. 
:P. 
The CP is a bit slow. 
nds to load tha basic parts. 
username:. 
rymate. 
password...?. 
I PM'd it to you. 
oh james00000001 . 
are you aware that the server is out of date? :P. 
apparently your craftbukkit needs updating. 
I am on RB3. 
The latest. 
O_o. 
Why is MPServ being such an annoying thing right now?. 
It took half a min for the console to say "pong" after i tped "ping" into it. 
& not . 
* & now the page crahed on me. 
.players. 
Yo rymate, when you get this you should know that your IRC has been disconnected from ur server. 
wait. 
my bad. 
I thaught this was the #rymate channel. 
Its te zx7 channel. 
lol. 
!flags james00000001 . 
!flags EsperBot . 
!flags +q $~a. 
SPLIT. 
hiiiii. 
lol. 
hai james00000001 . 
look at mah site http://rymate.co.uk/. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
ohh i just finished once. 
I'm guessing these latest doodles are made with some pretty advanced JavaScript stuff. Nice to see the full potential of it being used.. 
yeah sometimes they're quite neat. 
I'm absolutely stumped on the very last puzzle. 
Hi. 
How do i work Spoutcraft. 
Do i just open it as a .jar?. 
Yes. 
or you can download the .exe is your on linux. 
http://get.spout.org/exe. 
its not opening for me. 
im on windows. 
Finally got the last puzzle. 
not work either. 
idk what to do :(. 
the .exe doesn't work?. 
What is it doing Creeper1320?. 
it doesnt open. 
If none of it opens, then you have security software blocking it. 
ok. 
I have AVG. 
is that whats preventing it?. 
Yes. 
how i close out of it. 
http://www.spout.org/threads/using-avg-and-cant-start-or-play-spoutcraft.989/. 
Hmm... Can you use the jar version instead of the exe version on Windows too?. 
ok i disable it. 
MWisBest: He tried but it didin't work also. 
Well um... does an antivirus block a .jar from executing?. 
feedback, yes MWisBest :P. 
It downloads the latest launcher, but if the antivirus blocks the download, nothing to see, no launcher to start. 
anyone else havinMorning, all.. 
e?. 
AgentK, :D. 
hi. 
Typical_Name did u test manabags and backpack on the same server?. 
no I haven't tried backpacks yet. 
I wanted to know if they were compatible. 
I wouldnt see why not.. 
well they perform the same kind of role, I didn't know if having multiple inventory-enhancing plugins would cause problems. 
hello. 
heya. 
"38KB of 427.3GB - About 176,900 days". 
El fook?. 
So...... 
"Backing up 2,416,695 items". 
sx_usr__: how is that an ubuntu issue? Maybe ask in #vbox. 
short question .... whats the names of numpad hotkeys ?. 
hi. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
hai. 
hai nub. 
Nice ip. 
rymate1234 didn't before now, no point lol. 
'lo Shadow386. 
chrizc, needs an MOTD. 
chrizc, I need you. 
pusheahaha. 
, kinda busy. 
finally at a stage in my work where I feel comfortable enough to dedicate time to DEV. 
lol. 
:3. 
okedoke. 
chrizc, what does Shadow do again?. 
he's a head honcho at adanac. 
oh lol. 
probably adanac's version of mollstam coupled with jahkob. 
:14] no.. 
that's my job.. 
lol. 
http://puu.sh/AhVN. 
ok. 
Playback Complete.. 
:O. 
try unity2d perhaps its faster. 
Buffer Playback.... 
disable weather with bukkit.yml ? :P. 
Oh wait i need it per world. 
Thanks. 
.... 
Hi! Is there a tutorial for multiverse for real idiots like me. 
:D. 
hi. 
I have tried to follow the instructions on github to create portals, but yet I am stuck, is there a good tutorial for idiots?. 
I tried to create a portal with /mv wand and create (I have of course created a selection with Worldedit). 
I have no portal to and create a destination there? o.O. 
the command /world <name> does not really work, I have the world flat created but I cannot go there. 
same for world:flat. 
new portal newportal created and selected. 
multiverse does not know how to take you to w:flat ?. 
multiverse does not know how to take you to newportal. 
<Misan>Property Dest of Portal newportal was NOT set to w:flat. 
multiverse does not know how to take you to world:flat. 
<Misan>multiverse does not know how to take you to w:flat. 
<Misan>Multiverse could not find the destination w:flat. 
?. 
an>Property Dest of Portal newportal was NOT set to world:flat. 
<Misan>Multiverse could not find the destination world:flat. 
neither mvtp. 
mvp w:flat does not work. 
t block data for towny?. 
yes I am OP and server owner @ toasten. 
i wonder which plugin has the biggest item names database. 
Necrodoom: some shop one, im guessing. 
Misan: try "mv list" to show which worlds multiverse has loaded. 
wait. 
hintss: found a plugin with 3.7K item name aliases. 
.... 
thanks. 
theres a plugin that lets you add/remove arbitrary item names. 
lol. 
 so there isnt a world named "flat" loaded. 
how do I load it?. 
I was on it before I deleted that portal to test mv on my own. 
u sure to have created it?. 
yes. 
to learn how to use it. 
then use mv import. 
ok thanks :>. 
Playback Complete.. 
honden: i only have like 75 diamonds. 
So like. 
~JonZa: Well bring those here. 
Might as well just install a simple 400 euro machine with ssd, windows 8 or something and some other simple stuff that allows her to blog and play mahjong. 
It's with chestshops.  They right click sign and it buys the item.. 
 If you need help making signs, check out this usage guide: http://ess.khhq.net/wiki/Sign_Tutorial. 
When someone joins. 
brb. 
may i has hax?. 
honden: yeah i will. 
just install linux mint on your mom's old computer. 
i wish the fsf would back a free gpu based on an fpga. 
o-o.. 
Hodong: You got banned on #Heroes so you come here and ask?. 
to add a parameter i put TAB right?. 
'By Hacking you agree to us being allowed to hack your computer'. 
a 100% free gpu. 
I might get a new GPU next week. 
uhm ok idontkn0w123. 
"there, I made it better". 
fuckyeah. 
Rodrigo: yes. 
bassliner: yes, it's much much better than fglrx in most things. But I miss openCL and powermanagement. 
that you can reconfigure on the fly. 
ok thanks. 
\o/. 
Read their fucking JavaDoc.. 
I am gonna give it a try. 
to make sure once and for all. 
FOSSZEALOT: I thought there was a project doing exactly that; it just wasn't cost-effective at all. 
honden: and can you make a storage like daley did. 
i will try. 
jaseemabid it is. 
Kk bot. 
Rodrigo: just name your USB device (with gparted) you can do that. 
yes I dont really care about 3d effects. 
i have a 6850...served me very well since I got it last Christmas. 
but they got the basics working before shutting down. 
ok. 
I disabled all that compiz stuff. 
and add "archisolabel=yourusbname". 
ZekeS: yeah it wasn't fsf backed. 
do more learning discuised aas my nick!. 
Earnestly: he does exactly everyone should do, unfortunately, whatever the reason is/are, we do not do/cant do. 
try disable iconomy and then do /eeco reset ** 0. 
WhoBe: don't use that on a workstation anyways, but you're right bout that.. 
oh sweet, cm9 built for u8815. 
I'm picking up a GTX280 for ~$100 potentially.. 
~JonZa: what kinda?. 
then reenable iconomy. 
had no big sponsor. 
ok i will try now... thanks :). 
gots to go. 
Segnale007, upgrade your graphic card?. 
FOSSZEALOT: Parallelogram - YouTube: <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h42neZVvoMY>. 
Rodrigo: no problem. 
the latest 22nm virtex do have a lot of power in theory. 
its a laptop. 
see you whenever the crap i want to get on #minecraft. 
asiekierka: WHAT. 
for me 2d session is running good. even with onboard gpu. 
and the graphic card is pretty good. 
bassliner: it's sad, but my laptop makes 5h on fglrx and 1.5h on xf86-video-ati, and rovclock doesn't work here :(. 
Necrodoom, read my rDNS. 
(hopefully never). 
Alobot: http://xenforo.com/community/resources/categories/development-tutorials.36/. 
how do u pm in irc. 
jaseemabid weechat and colored nicks ! :D. 
oh, it's _303.. 
en: like there was building material and food and arrows and coal and all kinda things. 
/dev/foo of the ISO's location because screw you that's why. 
I never really liked Qt but that's stupid.. 
ATI 5000HD .. its a 1GB dedicated gpu. 
WhoBe: even with forced low power method?. 
besides, if my wireless card doesn't work. 
then I can't use my laptop while i'm on the john :P. 
lol. 
Get AMD or Intel!. 
Get nVidia or Intel!. 
guys iam new to linux and need help. 
Tom^: don't help with more than 8 people talking really :P. 
Brb my pizzas done. 
FOSSZEALOT: I got a error message while compiling saying something about my BIOS. 
cucu: help is on the way. 
Pandaz: Contract signed by record of joining the server.. 
i never used this thing ever. 
Chris: . 
Alobot: /msg name message. 
?. 
~JonZa: Well i dont know is that legal so i wont. 
honden: o. 
ah ok. 
/whois Chris. 
honden: well if daley does it it cant be illegal right. 
it's my hostname. 
honden: take a look yourself\. 
:) ok. 
sx_usr__: virtualbox accepts like 3 different vitual disk image formats and has some tools that can convert them. 
FOSSZEALOT it helps alot , just customize the colors so there is like a 30 different ones then you or well atleas i can keep track of it all :D. 
oh wow. i just jumped click to a woman named veena malik. 
<Sqozza> I'm picking up a GTX280 for ~$100 potentially.. 
...280 isn't that good. 
Might have figured it out.. 
ActionParsnip, any other ideas of things I can poke at to investigate this issue?. 
Tom^: then it don't work in tty!. 
ahh. 
TroyWubsKathy: what is it. 
do i put archisolabel=yourusbname or "archisolabel=yourusbname"?. 
Ohai Calinou.. 
~JonZa: well,i wont  do it,if daley is on i can ask him to do it. 
FOSSZEALOT who cares about tty. 
Got yourself unbanned there, eh?. 
honden: lol. 
I do. 
cucu: just ask your question in the channel. 
honden: ok. 
Hey chri. 
Let me test first.. 
:(. 
Chris *. 
everybody likes titty. 
er. 
tty. 
Rodrigo: your usb devices name, you have to name your usb device. 
this bot is gonna love pizza. 
are you going to put it in the packet trace?. 
NodinChan : please pardon me. i don't try heroes API question.... 
device*. 
ok. 
~JonZa: I need to cover this entrance in this awesome house. 
yes i know. 
Calinou: It's a fuckton better than my 9600GT. 
honden: lol. 
sure use tty and suit yourself for the feature loss then. 
Another satisfied customer! NEXT!. 
but the in the parameter do i put with or without ". 
Is it ZNC or sBNC?. 
Tom Thats not helping much. 
sacarlson, okay, teach me please. 
I know exactly how good it isn't, and it's still a huge upgrade. 
9600GT is ifne. 
eph3meral, I didn't follow this from the start what adapter do you have?. 
Rodrigo: without quotes. 
Wha?. 
ok thanks. 
sbnc :D. 
Ohh. 
Hodong: Read the Heroes API JavaDoc. _._. 
yeah fuck off. 
440 = 9600GT. 
*-.-. 
Tom^: fbterm. gpm. jfbpdf. 
news to you? :P. 
guess how much TCL access you'd be getting. 
i have a labtop "toshiba l300-254. 
Awh damn. 
for 640x480 lowest settings sure. 
choose your own RDNS too :D. 
(except price). 
Sqozza, what game?. 
The bot said tthat before right?. 
finally gonna be able to install arch =P. 
cryzis 3?. 
and ubuntu 12.04 cant get the vga right. 
How much tcl access?. 
i propose. 
yes. I like putting things in AmbushReality's packet trace for the lolz. 
cucu: okay, and then?. 
it's binary. 
morsnowski, bcm4311. 
mplayer -vo fb \o/. 
t0phux`away Gambit bep Nikondork. 
it's not exactly a powerful card. 
team of 4 to enter the end. 
O.O. 
honden: i have a brewing standard so if you see that its mine. 
so.. binary true? :D. 
two carry fighting supplies. 
can't handle skyrim on mid @ my native. 
morsnowski, generic broadcom/dell driver. 
Tom^: directfb too. 
i'll carry food and building supplies. 
fbi etc. 
Where is API JavaDoc?.... 
skyrim is a resource eater. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cwkej79U3ek. 
Xorg. 
.... 
cucu: why vga??!! u should use higher than that. 
the other carries enchanting and basic resources. 
my old 285 ran pretty much literally anything, so if the 280 comes close I'll be content. 
it's the crizis of RPGs/whatever. 
:P. 
Buffer Playback.... 
also. 
so yeah, if you op urself you should have like all of them. 
when i start server. 
cool. 
whenever I add a permission to another group. 
It reverts to default again. 
more like copy paste premade one in file. 
I have essentials mind you. 
then stop it. 
file or command?. 
how are you going about editing the permssions?. 
it is. 
can you make a pastebin of exactly what you are pasting into the files? or even better, what the group file looks like afterword?. 
hmm, well you need to make sure that it is in the right format. 
if it isn't that could cause your configs to regen, but more likely cause a parsing error. 
ok. 
wait whats a pastebin. 
I am noob at computers. 
hmm. 
www.pastebin.com. 
there. 
thats what i copied. 
your right it was wrong format. 
oh ok. 
http://pastebin.com/ERWF2WbF. 
I fix. 
thankyou. 
yeah it is. 
I needed to delete one space and add a space between -essentials.blah. 
oh ok. 
omg I found your post on bukkitdev. 
now what was your problem. 
i am trying to figure out the custom nodes and how they are supposed to be formatted. 
lol. 
Riolu. 
oh his name is actually rioulu. 
lol. 
whats that pokemons name. 
ya. 
well I am off sorry I couldnt help your problem but thanks for helping mine. 
np. 
riolu*. 
sorry. 
Well , What plugin?. 
bperms. 
how do i configure custom nodes in custom_nodes.yml? I haven't been able to find a sample.... 
any ppl that know a lot about the plugin herE?. 
xD *here?. 
CraftBukkit: feildmaster master * rcda17db / (2 files in 2 dirs): Trigger EntityBlockChangeEvent for Silverfish. Adds BUKKIT-1560 and BUKKIT-1593 - http://git.io/1nuoAQ. 
Playback Complete.. 
CraftBukkit: feildmaster master * rd08909c / src/main/java/net/minecraft/server/EntitySilverfish.java : Added EntitySilverfish for diff visibility - http://git.io/7lFVAA. 
Buffer Playback.... 
i never used this thing ever. 
Alobot: /msg name message. 
Hodong: Read the Heroes API JavaDoc. _._. 
*-.-. 
Where is API JavaDoc?.... 
ah ok. 
NodinChan : please pardon me. i don't try heroes API question.... 
less spamming excuses, more googling. 
Proves that you never listened to Sleaker.. 
.... 
sorry;;. 
T-T;. 
Check the RSS feed on dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/yourplugin/files. 
dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/yourplugin/files.rss. 
http://ci.herocraftonline.com/job/Heroes/javadoc. 
how to can i add auto update to my plugin. 
Trigger EntityBlockChangeEvent for Silverfish. Adds BUKKIT-1560 and BUKKIT-1593 - feildmaster. 
feildmaster pushed 2 new commits to master: http://git.io/N_bBVg. 
Added EntitySilverfish for diff visibility - feildmaster. 
public double updateCheck(double currentVersion) throws Exception {. 
BUKKIT-1560: http://goo.gl/Igq1V - "Silverfish call EntityChangeBlockEvent" - Open, last updated about 1 month ago (with 3 votes and 2 watchers). 
BUKKIT-1593: http://goo.gl/kQMWG - "Silverfish enter block event" - Open, last updated about 1 month ago (with 2 comments and 2 watchers). 
        try {. 
            Document doc = DocumentBuilderFactory.newInstance().newDocumentBuilder().parse(url.openConnection().getInputStream());. 
            URL url = new URL(pluginUrlString);. 
t.org/server-mods/vault/files.rss";. 
            doc.getDocumentElement().normalize();. 
            NodeList nodes = doc.getElementsByTagName("item");. 
            Node firstNode = nodes.item(0);. 
            if (firstNode.getNodeType() == 1) {. 
                Element firstElement = (Element)firstNode;. 
                NodeList firstElementTagName = firstElement.getElementsByTagName("title");. 
                Element firstNameElement = (Element) firstElementTagName.item(0);. 
            }. 
                NodeList firstNodes = firstNameElement.getChildNodes();. 
                return Double.valueOf(firstNodes.item(0).getNodeValue().replace("Vault", "").replaceFirst(".", "").trim());. 
        }. 
        catch (Exception localException) {. 
        }. 
        return currentVersion;. 
.... 
    }. 
the huawei bootloader is weird. 
Pandaz! learn how to use a fuckin pastebin. 
There. 
Is. 
pastebin? xDD. 
I cba. 
Someone completed my sentence.. 
That's from Vault's source. 
^^. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
Well, when you're ready for the big finale drop by my place. We'll have some tea and crumpets like good lads.. 
lol. 
and if you write reloadplugin Balblalba it just says doesn't exist. 
darkdiplomat, Jos-, am I missing something or is there no list of default permissions for Creeper anywhere?. 
is that a bug: you write in the console reloadplugin CuboIDPLUGIN (i have it and it works with every other plugin too) it throws an long error. 
are we talking recode?. 
woot jos?. 
ou give the exact output, posted to pastebin?. 
oh sure. 
is it recode or crow?. 
b10 ;). 
oh. 
lol now its just a classnotfound error. 
well, send it anyways. 
but i send to you the crazy classnotfound and the normal (shorter). 
http://pastebin.com/UecSgah0. 
i can look at it. but i dont know much about old canary plugin system. i tis a bit familiar tho. 
in byte 4. 
times when i get ane xcept(inb4 "Java"). 
ng to develop?. 
pdated but not closed before updating.. 
or l4mRh4x0r. 
Because you did the first reload from the GUI. 
Jos- why is the first error longer than the second. 
and second from in-game. 
lol but why 2 other errors?. 
???. 
and it says class does not exist and when you do reloadplugin blabla just plugin doesn't exist. 
.tell Babble Ever thought about the possibility that the class doesn't exist?. 
Hello. 
Yeah I was wondering how to go about the whole mc.URL.com redirecting to a server, figured it out though :p. 
Puff, yes. 
Anyone here familiar with namecheap?. 
l4mRh4X0r: I'll pass that along.. 
kk. 
Actually no I do have a question, can I make it redirect to an ip with a port?. 
Shadow386 you still there?. 
Derp?. 
erm. 
Yes and no, I think. You'd have to set up correct redirects via the server. 
it's fine, i don't rlly get this anyway it's a try/fail try again process.. 
my head has been hurting all day, so sorry cant help much. 
I'm on for once!. 
my expertise most certainly do not lie in web servers or any kind of hosting for that matter. 
Not sure if it successfully identified me or not.. 
;3. 
Playback Complete.. 
Le derp.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
oh yeah. 
holy. 
thanks2. 
you're funny Zai|Gaming. 
<3. 
\o/. 
Ryan's doing his work again. 
shit. 
an assassin. 
What server?. 
oh wait. 
 what?. 
ait. You're queued.". 
 am getting this error, "Aborting connection, another user is currently connecting and using the ident spoof file". 
probably us. 
RyanKnack: Current .oidentd.conf content: global { reply "Leonid" }. 
lol.. 
?oidentd. 
Yep, us. 
Is it server wide?. 
or is that freebnc tunneling ipv6 o.O. 
?oidentd. 
RyanKnack: Current .oidentd.conf content: empty. 
sooo many people using ipv6. 
If there's any Frenchie people I'd need some informations since I'm going there in a week :D. 
herp.... 
o freebnc now has ipv6?. 
but not on all servers. 
. 
Zimsky but tunneled right?. 
ah! ah! THE MEAT!! THE HORRIBLE MEAT^%percent!$%percent!!!tunneled?. 
IIRC only one server is tunneled. 
i don't know, probably ie. 
:3. 
and listen to dis http://youtubedoubler.com/?video1=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3Dg34B-YOaC7c&start1=0&video2=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DA67GQgoiinM&start2=3&authorName=OMAIGASHHHHHHH. 
hey, my bnc isnt working (ie.freebnc.net). 
?. 
define not working. 
erm it says Attempting to connect to .... 
<*status> Cannot connect to IRC (Cannot assign requested address (Is your IRC server's host name and ZNC bind host valid?)). Retrying.... 
and keeps saying that. 
oh, it's _303.. 
 /msg *status setbindhost 0.0.0.0. 
ty. 
Playback Complete.. 
"yay". 
Buffer Playback.... 
at all. 
jebus. 
this is consumer-side. 
I've only upgraded the RAM once and the dvd drive died a few weeks ago. 
older dell was great, but more recently they've gone to shit. 
medic in 6v6's in TF2 is so much goddamn fun. 
I've already told my mom that she's going to buy a new rig in april 2014 tho. 
business...they've really just been the same all the time, just providing puters with somewhat current OS's and good enough hardware for ms office and email. 
XP's support ends that month and I don't want to come in all the time to fix her old shit. 
Might as well just install a simple 400 euro machine with ssd, windows 8 or something and some other simple stuff that allows her to blog and play mahjong. 
it's good business dell doesn't bother with all the bloatware and shit consumer dell does. 
brb. 
just install linux mint on your mom's old computer. 
I'm picking up a GTX280 for ~$100 potentially.. 
i have a 6850...served me very well since I got it last Christmas. 
"there, I madI might get a new GPU next week. 
see you whenever the crap i want to get on #minecraft. 
(hopefully never). 
<Sqozza> I'm picking up a GTX280 for ~$100 potentially.. 
...280 isn't that good. 
Ohai Calinou.. 
Calinou: It's a fuckton better thanI know exactly how good it isn't, and it's still a huge upgrade. 
yeah fuck off. 
9600GT is ifne. 
news to you? :Pfor 640x480 lowest settings sure. 
it's not exactly a powerful card. 
(except price). 
can't handle skyrim on mid @ my native. 
Sqozza, what game?. 
cryzis 3?. 
skyrim is a resource eater. 
my old 285 ran pretty much literally anything, so if the 280 comes close I'll be content. 
it's the crizis of RPGs/whatever. 
:P. 
you're an idiot. 
explain why?. 
Because you're actively getting on the nerves of channel staff after a /very/ recent unbanning, purely because you can. 
o sqozza. 
ur accent. 
hnnn. 
splort. 
die.. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
!check c-68-32-39-182.hsd1.pa.comcast.net. 
Sorry Wug, but things look grim for 68.32.39.182:25565, are you sure you typed it right?. 
is this meant to be a public server. 
yeah. 
can you connect to 127.0.0.1. 
uh oh!. 
no. 
127.0.0.1 is your computer. 
whats that mean. 
like did you mean put that into the minecraft multiplayer direct connect thing?. 
yes. 
server aint up then. 
yeah i couldnt connect. 
d. 
!check sinz.mca.d3s.co. 
okay i connected to the 127.0.0.1. 
or not allowing LAN connections maybe? I don't have a lot of experience with running MC servers. 
Great news SinZ, everything looks fine from here! Server stuffs: 1 out of 20 players currently online, latency to me is about 306ms and the MOTD is "A Minecraft Server". 
good bot. 
i have my server on A desktop computer and i play on a laptop. 
no i didnt actually. 
ah, then 127.0.0.1 would only work on the desktop. 
Ethan: can you do this from the computer youre hosting on. 
im onj my hosting computer now. 
yeah i can. 
were you connecting through hamachi or tunngle before?. 
you should behave you attempted poyeah i already did the port forwarding before it stopped working. 
i did like an hour ago. 
my ip is the same too. 
can you double check it to make sure its still configured right. 
Hello. 
:). 
Can someone help me with setting up permissions please?. 
....?. 
#bukkit. 
Is anybody there?. 
I was hoping somebody could help me download.  I have paid my money and set up my account, but when I try to download, it just stalls out.  I have checked my internet connection, and it is good..... 
Greetings Aralar. 
Hi. 
Playback Complete.. 
Also which site did you buy it from?. 
but did not receive it and my money deducted from my card.. 
honden: thx. 
honden: jee. 
honden: comfy. 
Buffer Playback.... 
~JonZa: You like this room?. 
honden: yeah. 
~JonZa: if you want. 
~JonZa: and plz set private chests. 
honden: cant i have to much. 
honden: and dont know where they are. 
~JonZa: Robin? :D. 
 
honden: wait i wanna take a look outside. 
 
~JonZa: Suomesta?. 
honden: in the desert. 
honden: eeh how far is the house from spawn?. 
~JonZa: honden where are yOU?. 
 
~JonZa: okay. 
~JonZa: well,you dont need to lock chests,this is secret place and not near spawn. 
honden: o. 
ay,move as much you want. 
honden: lol. 
 me just move some stuff there ok. 
~JonZa: like diamonds and stuff. 
~JonZa: i dont steal,i have gm and i can have like millions of diamonds. 
honden: yeah that to. 
honden: i only have like 75 diamonds. 
~JonZa: Well bring those here. 
honden: and can you make a storage like daley did. 
honden: well if daley does it it cant be illegal right. 
~JonZa: Well i dont know is that legal so i wont. 
honden: o. 
honden: like there was building material and food and arrows and coal and all kinda things. 
honden: lol. 
,i wont  do it,if honden: ok. 
~JonZa: I need to cover this entrance in this awesome house. 
honden: ok tp me please. 
tandard so if you see that its mine. 
honden: lol. 
~JonZa: Okay,this house still needs a brewing stand,nether portal,enchanting room and etc.. 
honden: o ok. 
honden: thnx. 
a please tp. 
her wart. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
to make sure once and for all. 
o-o.. 
Automsg] If you need help making signs, check out this usage guide: http://ess.khhq.net/wiki/Sign_Tutorial. 
It's with chestshops.  They right click sign and it buys the item.. 
try disable iconomy and then do /eeco reset ** 0. 
then reenable iconomy. 
?. 
Necrodoom, read my rDNS. 
Chris: . 
/whois Chris. 
it's my hostname. 
Let me test first.. 
 out.. 
Is it ZNC or sBNC?. 
Chris *. 
sbnc :D. 
Awh damn. 
guess how much TCL access you'd be getting. 
choose your own RDNS too :D. 
How much tcl access?. 
it's binary. 
so.. binary true? :D. 
That is?. 
yes.. 
What is it? 0.0. 
Oh . 
TCL, yes, you'd get access. 
Hmm. 
How many accounts am i allowed?. 
choose your own rdns :D. 
PM?. 
Wait there. 
 (1 for you, one for a bot). 
I got a new server. 
Why the sudden change?. 
You wouldn't let me have one to start, now i can have one with everything. 
 GeoBytes Error: Unable to access site. www.geobytes.com seems to be down.. 
And oh :Pp. 
its because I didn't have enough IPs . 
Hm lemme see. 
and now I have 2 quintillion, I think there's tonnes. 
O.O. 
Playback Complete.. 
:P. 
 i'll take it Chris! :l. 
he shops, it takes money out of the balance system and iConomy.. 
so I made another with a 1. 
Buffer Playback.... 
liol. 
its a sub. 
james00000001, you do realise if someone joins, they won't find out. 
I know. 
I just do not want anyone to talk as me in the server chat. 
EsperBot isn't gonna use it. 

The thing is bein slow. 
what username do you want. 
erm. 
12345?. 
:P. 
ll need to set user permissions, remember that. 
each page takes 10 seconds to load tha basic parts. 
The CP is a bit slow. 
:(. 
username:. 
rymate. 
password...?. 
I PM'd it to you. 
oh james00000001 . 
are you aware that the server is out of date? :P. 
apparently your craftbukkit needs updating. 
I am oThe latest. 
uch an annoying thing right now?. 
* & now the page crahed on me. 
It took half a min for the console to say "pong" after i tped "ping" into it. 
& not . 
my bad. 
.players. 
wait. 
te, when you get this you should know that your IRC has been disconnected from ur server. 
I thaught this was the #rymate channel. 
Its te zx7 channel. 
lol. 
 EsperBot . 
!flags james00000001 . 
SPLIT. 
lol. 
!flags +q $~a. 
1 . 
look at mah site http://rymate.co.uk/. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
ohh i just finished once. 
I'm guessing these latest doodles are made with some pretty advanced JavaScript stuff. Nice to see the full potential of it being used.. 
Hi. 
yeah sometimes they're quite neat. 
Do i just open it as a .jar?. 
I'm absolutely stumped on the very last puzzle. 
How do i work Spoutcraft. 
its not opening for me. 
exe is your on linux. 
im on windows. 
.org/exe. 
not work either. 
Finally got the last puzzle. 
idk what to do :(. 
What is it doing Creeper1320?. 
it doesnt open. 
If noI have AVG. 
 preventing it?. 
tware blocking it. 
Yes. 
how i close out of it. 
eads/using-avg-and-cant-start-or-play-spoutcraft.989/. 
Hmm... Can you use the jar version instead of the exe version on Windows too?. 
Well um... does an antivirus block a .jar from executing?. 
Considering the file you download from get.spout.org has no feedback, yes MWisBest :P. 
ok i disable it. 
MWisBest: He tried but it didin't work also. 
It downloads the latest launcher, but if the antivirus blocks the download, nothing to see, no launcher to start. 
anyone else having problems with PaintedStone?. 
AgentK, :D. 
Asphodan, ping. 
Morning, all.. 
hi. 
no I haven't tried backpacks yet. 
Typical_Name did u test manabags and backpack on the same server?. 
I wanted to know if they were compatible. 
I wouldnt see why not.. 
hello. 
y perform the same kind of role, I didn't know if having multiple inventory-enhancing plugins would cause problems. 
heya. 
"38KB of 427.3GB - About 176,900 days". 
"Backing up 2,416,695 items". 
El fook?. 
short question .... whats the names of numpad hotkeys ?. 
hi. 
Playback Complete.. 
hai. 
b. 
Nice ip. 
chrizc, needs an MOTD. 
rymate1234 didn't before now, no point lol. 
'lo Shadow386. 
chrizc, I need you. 
<3. 
ahaha. 
so yeah, Shadow386. 
congrats, kinda busy. 
pushed a commit last night. 
lol. 
finally at a stage in my work where I feel comfortable enough to dedicate time to DEV. 
chrizc, what does Shadow do again?. 
oh lol. 
maybe he could make the multiplayer server for DEV!. 
no.. 
that's my job.. 
probably adanac's version of mollstam coupled with jahkob. 
ok. 
:O. 
Playback Complete.. 
lol. 
http://puu.sh/AhVN. 
Buffer Playback.... 
the command /world <name> does not really work, I have the world flat created but I cannot go there. 
multiverse does not know how to take you to w:flat ?. 
same for world:flat. 
new portal newportal created and selected. 
multiverse does not know how to take you to newportal. 
multiverse does not know how to take you to world:flat. 
<Misan>multiverse does not know how to take you to w:flat. 
<Misan>Property Dest of Portal newportal was NOT set to w:flat. 
<Misan>Multiverse could not find the destination w:flat. 
<Misan>Property Dest of Portal newportal was NOT set to world:flat. 
<Misan>Multiverse could not find the destination world:flat. 
/mvtp. 
?. 
mvp w:flat does not work. 
neither mvtp. 
u sure to have the permissions?. 
Isn't it safe to delete plot block data for towny?. 
yes I am OP and server owner @ toasten. 
i wonder which plugin has the biggest item names database. 
Necrodoom: some shop one, im guessing. 
Misan: try "mv list" to show which worlds multiverse has loaded. 
wait. 
hintss: found a plugin with 3.7K item name aliases. 
thanks. 
plugin that lets you add/remove arbitrary item names. 
world - normal and world_the_end - the end. 
what was it?. 
lol. 
 so there isnt a world named "flat" loaded. 
yes. 
how do I load it?. 
to learn how to use it. 
u sure to have created it?. 
I was on it before I deleted that portal to test mv on my own. 
then use mv import. 
ok thanks :>. 
hi. 
<Necrodoom> hintss: found a plugin with 3.7K item name aliases. 
hi Misan :P. 
there needs to be a convention for item name aliases. 
"woodpick"' > unknown "wood_pick" > unknown > "wooden_pickaxe" > unknown.... 
feildmaster pushed 2 new commits to master: http://git.io/N_bBVg. 
indeed. 
Added EntitySilverfish for diff visibility - feildmaster. 
Trigger EntityBlockChangeEvent for Silverfish. Adds BUKKIT-1560 and BUKKIT-1593 - feildmaster. 
BUKKIT-1560: http://goo.gl/Igq1V - "Silverfish call EntityChangeBlockEvent" - Open, last updated about 1 month ago (with 3 votes and 2 watchers). 
lol. 
BUKKIT-1593: http://goo.gl/kQMWG - "Silverfish enter block event" - Open, last updated about 1 month ago (with 2 comments and 2 watchers). 
As if we don't know.. 
Playback Complete.. 
:3. 
you can't be arsed? someone ban this idiot. 
for pokemo. 
its really counter intuitive. 
ns. 
Segnale007, yeah i can't stand unity, I didn't like many of the other options either, KDE sucks and GNOME 3 is only minorly worse than unity. 
there was a contender specifically for chinese input and such wasn't there. 
Actually. 
It's hammering time.. 
honden: ok going for a second run]. 
Bacta: there is a google I/O talk that deals with combining android with GAE : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7SxNNC429U. 
~JonZa: :). 
:(. 
jfbterm. 
Segnale007, i use XFCE these days and I'm actually really liking it a lot - XFCE gets so many things right that gnome2 got wrong. 
I dont really know what to go with. 
Research by Mr.Man shows that 60% of the Bukkit community don't read the whole thing. 
NodinChan : Heroes API.jar Can you tell me?. 
Segnale007, you might want to just try plain GNOME 3. 
TroyWubsKathy: you mean, both essentials eco and iconomy?. 
not unity, but actual factual GNOME 3. 
I dont want a poor window manager like twm or fluxbox on the laptop. 
Hodong: Heroes.jar. 
Segnale007, the two are in fact slightly different. 
it's not exactly what you want, you might find some ideas there. 
For the nth time, I said Heroes.jar. 
and another one which required compiling fonts for... 
bonney12, pm. 
Ive developed a few wordpress sites, but have mainly been creating rather simple themes for blogs. However, now I want to learn how to do more custom stuff like custom post types i.e.I love video tutorials to get a good overview. Which videoseries do u recommend? Im good at HTML and CSS, and decent at writing php. (.. and I usually develop drupal sites, so this experience could win me over :). 
haha!. 
Ah yeah. 
Pandaz pasting code in irc channels is disruptive and inaccessible. 
5n + 700. 
Segnale007, yeah XFCE is actually really nice these days, you might be surprised, it's pretty full featured. 
BUKKIT-1593 ("Silverfish enter block event") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/kQMWG. 
BUKKIT-1560 ("Silverfish call EntityChangeBlockEvent") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/Igq1V. 
Yeah.. 
BUKKIT-1593 ("Silverfish enter block event") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/kQMWG. 
Sqozza did you DELETE THAT WHOLE STATUS?. 
Well I already have an external data source. 
How?. 
BUKKIT-1560 ("Silverfish call EntityChangeBlockEvent") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/Igq1V. 
fbpad. 
and Vault?. 
Yes because fuck you.. 
Segnale007, honestly, one thing that really pissed me off about GNOME 3 and the latest OSX. 
you mustn't be a virgin. 
B'awwww why.. 
It's a web page that serves Electronic Programme Guides. 
last time I played with xfe was 4 years ago on freebsd. 
Hodong: No.. 
y u so butthurt over sexy voice.. 
Segnale007, was the fact that they removed the ability to put your virtual desktops in a grid. 
This channel is as inactive as a dead frog, there are about 2 messages a minute. 
<@Sqozza> Yes because fuck you.. 
oh, ok. 
No idea if it's reliable not though which raises some interesting issues. 
so?. 
https://github.com/MilkBowl/Vault. 
lol. 
Pandaz it disrupts all other conversations going on, even your own. 
bonney12, you need to set your username field in xchat. 
What!. 
you only get to have them in a row up and down, or sideways. 
yea I have seen that... 
Like I just said. 
TroyWubsKathy: sounds very odd. 
There were none. 
TroyWubsKathy: can you make a ticket about it?. 
pasting stuff into chat is baaaaaad. 
so your ident needs to be bonney12. 
.ticket. 
.ticket: http://tickets.ess3.net. 
http://litcave.rudi.ir/. 
Segnale007, that single handedly made them unusable for me. 
Title: LITCAVE (at litcave.rudi.ir). 
Grrrrrr.. 
Pandaz it's time for excuses, not argumentation. 
unless its a pastebin. 
usually when you receive a compliment the response is not "I hope you die.". 
even unity its more like OSX style .. and funny thing is I just got rid of my macbook pro a month ago. 
k. 
TroyWubsKathy: so devs can diagonise. 
So you want to ban me?. 
hey Keiran. 
although, I have seen that at least on OSX, there is now a 3rd party app for getting back your grid desktops. 
I need to remove these balances.. 
but still. 
TroyWubsKathy: cant do anything from here. 
i wish i could. 
hey damo.. 
people are different. 
What.. 
and I jumped back to linux after 7 years with mac. 
go compliment damo. 
XFCE lets you have grid desktops. 
Because it doesn't take 5 minutes to change your IP, does it?. 
nice. 
brb. 
he's australian. 
compliment him!. 
I just need to reset it so people can't buy a ton of stuffz.. 
its true. 
will give it a try then. 
i am australian. 
thanks :). 
TroyWubsKathy: i told you how. 
Why? I know you already.. 
and ban evasion means permaban and reban on sight. 
it really works pretty much the way you would expect the "traditional" "PC-ish" style computer would work. 
I'll send a ticket though.. 
some people don't have dynamic IP's. 
honden: ok tp me again please. 
It didn't work.. ._.. 
And how do you figure it was me?. 
Pandaz, hostnames. 
Segnale007, i don't remember exactly the command, I'm about to install it right now, myself. 
should be pretty obvious. 
I do have a sexy voice too. 
TroyWubsKathy: then its not essentialseco. 
Why would you need a dynamic IP to change your IP?. 
by the idiocy coming from your mouth. 
Chris, how? . 
i'll let you know. 
yeah whatever damo. 
^. 
honden: thx. 
I think it's xubuntu-desktop or something. 
It's just the Essentials plugin.. 
Or I can go online to chat and my hostname would be assigned by the server. 
who needs Keiran i can compliment myself. 
should be something like that. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wo8QYQoOOUA&feature=g-vrec. 
bonney12, you had it the last time, wrong password though. 
oooohbby. 
how to i install the driver of the Mobile Intel® GMA 4500M graphics chipset in ubuntu 12.04 ?. 
oh noes he found out. 
~JonZa: hello hy. 
.players. 
Online (5/30): Dragonianer TmX097 ahmedico12 honden ~JonZa. 
you try that. 
~JonZa: rhy. 
Or just change my hostname, either works. 
 
Ello. 
 
honden: eh. 
It says.  Manages the server economy.  Then says /eeco <give:take:reset> player amount. 
I am watching some xfce video on youtube. 
bbl yall. 
so that I can have an idea of how it looks like. 
I've een smarter potatoes than this one. 
cucu,  you cant. 
I've seen potatoes that can spell better than you. 
it actually says /eeco?. 
honden: ok im going to set this as home. 
And rocks with a higher IQ. 
ok, then should i install ubuntu 11 instead ?. 
even i managed not to be a virgin. 
good job orbii lol :P. 
:D. 
NodinChan : i want to change some of hereos plugins. 
honden: ok. 
agrif is sleepy. 
do i need other files or just nedd heroes.jar?. 
honden: lol. 
why are people posting reddit to reddit. 
what the hell. 
why? there does not exist any proprietary intel driver for 4500gma. 
Is it against the rules to tag staff members?. 
Yeah.. 
"i want to change some of hereos plugins". 
What.. 
yeeeaaahh fbdev isn't so great if you're using the nvidia blob >.>. 
??. 
lang file says /eco. 
I wonder what the pricing on buycraft is.. 
Pandaz: how does this work. 
:o. 
and fbdev. 
will play around later. 
not you, the JOIN. 
Enchant. 
is there any way that i can get the labtop colors to be correct and not use windows ?. 
I found a video of me talking about 3 years ago on youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2T2exWEgQ5A though you never hear my real accent lol. 
 
eph3meral: then use xfce if it does what you want.... 
./rage. 
ohgod. 
that. 
is. 
glorious. 
Jadzia?. 
ActionParsnip, i do.... 
why bother with framebuffer ?. 
eph3meral: problem solved. 
because, it does... o.0. 
If I delete user data..... 
symbiote reunion!. 
xorg and a tiler. 
cyruslopez: hi jonza tp me please. 
there was no problem with XFCE. 
Tom^: it seemed to be the topic of discussion? vOv. 
hello everyone, i hope someone can help me, i am using xubuntu 12.04 with xfce destop, now what i want to do is, put the reboot, shutdown button back into main menue i followed this howto http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=342763 this also works but only if i execute the python script in a terminal, as soon as i add it as launcher in the mainmenue the python script asks me for sudo password... anyone? for clarification: script w. 
:D. 
Will it delete there inventorys?. 
Hodong, you are not making any sense.. 
~JonZa: Just take that brewing stand and enchanting table off. 
it was an unrelated conversation between me and Segnale007. 
9 hours webcam recording using vlc is broken. ffmpeg, mencoder,avidemux and vlc cannot open it. how to repair this avi?. 
Who said linus is down to earth? Please have a look at https://github.com/torvalds/linux/pull/17. 
in the essentials folder?. 
Title: Pull Request #17: Add support for AR5BBU22 by WNeZRoS · torvalds/linux · GitHub (at github.com). 
cucu, colours with external monitor or laptop display?. 
You know he's probably trolling, right?. 
Hoyl shit, 75% off all Deus Ex titles. 
cyruslopez: wait... I need enchantment table lol. 
honden: but i have to walk all the way there. 
no, it keeps /home, /spawn and such. 
labtop display. 
yup. 
but from what you told me. 
enchant source. 
well, backend reliability is a whole different kind of fish. 
cyruslopez: jonza. 
it doesnt seem to be essentials. 
~JonZa: Well,your enchants are level 30 and upp. 
I own them all as of HR's release day anyway. 
Also, I got a random gift from Quatroking. 
Pandaz: He's not.. 
~JonZa: better than without bookselves. 
honden: yeah i only am level 1. 
damo, what server is that?. 
Pandaz: That exactly him.. 
honden: soo. 
Sqozza, you mean both of them?. 
crazybobs. 
_raven: file size to big for disk partition?. 
Hodong to change a plugin, you need that plugin's source code. 
cyruslopez: I haz 21 XP levelz. 
~JonZa: but when you got exp then. 
Well, I just made a new record for the dumbest person I've ever seen *Cough*. 
Balance isn't in essentials?. 
Snowman: haha. 
mta or gtasa?. 
honden: wow. 
cucu  note: it's laptop, not labtop. 
IW wasn't /that/ bad. 
sa-mp. 
it was...an okay game. 
*samp. 
he doesn't like github, apparently :p. 
i used to be on the dev team. 
cyruslopez: I haz XP farm. 
not a very good deus ex game. 
I see. 
thanks. 
but yeah. 
Mta is better ;). 
honden: lol how. 
ok thankyou. 
http://www.pcgamer.com/2012/05/30/metro-last-light-screenshots-show-sunshine-flowers-broken-post-apocalyptic-landscape/?ns_campaign=article-feed&ns_mchannel=ref&ns_source=steam&ns_linkname=0&ns_fee=0 there's no damn way those are screenshots. 
^ http://goo.gl/joz9Y. 
yes, but other plugins have /balance aswell. 
mta was crap. 
You know what would suck?. 
yes i have source code. 
honden: pig spawner. 
'was'. 
Going to college with your parents.. 
you?. 
:|. 
is. 
w/e. 
\o/. 
lol. 
and it disables upon detecting iconomy. 
now samp is crap ;). 
strange that your colors are not good by default oO. perhaps via system settings -> colors.. 
Sqozza : Almost professionally, yo.. 
he mentioned planning ban evasion. 
I'm the empress of suck.. 
TomyLobo: He's trying to change the source of Enchant, a Heroes skill.. 
but i wonder Heroes API. 
i actually haven't played in 2 years. 
cyruslopez: not pig spawner its zombie. 
~JonZa: Cyr,wanna room in my house. 
sacarlson no its ext4 - vlc seemed to crash anyway but it was not obviously. 
so. 
honden: lol. 
I play mta daily. 
I wonder how to create supersonic sound. 
and how to detect it. 
cyruslopez: ye. 
can you ban him by nickname, Amaranth?. 
~7 gb. 
he'll never figure that out :P. 
cyruslopez: 1 room. 
If it's supersonic, isn't it like.... 
...above and beyond sound?. 
~JonZa: okay. 
are there just special speakers/microphones for this task?. 
it says it need an up to date color profile to be color managed. 
~JonZa: may i tp. 
you can't have supersonic sound by definition. 
cyruslopez: quick before lag kicks me up. 
derp me. 
LOL. 
I meant er. 
honden: jonza we dont have much to that brewing standard because we dont have netherwart. 
high frequencies. 
did you mean ultrasonic?. 
cyruslopez: ye tp plz. 
that. 
Ahhh.. 
cyruslopez: thx. 
 
cant you add one?. 
Supersonic sound. 
lol. 
~JonZa: Here. 
lol. 
Wwwwellll.. 
cyruslopez: hi dobby. 
honden: hee. 
~JonZa: hello dobbs. 
That's like faster-than-light light. 
You could detect it, but it would be nothing you recognized as sound.. 
step 1) do exactly the same thing you would for a lower frequency sound, but with a higher frequency?. 
cyruslopez: thx for the room. 
~JonZa: your room. 
hi all, I'm making an app, targeted for api 14. I'm using the action bar, and I have some options in the option menu but they just do not appear in the action bar, even with android:showAsAction="ifRoom" being set (there is plenty of room).. 
~Melissa: Heyo all.. 
yeah supersonic sound is a oxymoron. 
honden: lol. 
TmX097: hi. 
lol. 
well. 
cyruslopez: jonza is there an enchantment table around here. 
I just wanted to know if that works. 
~JonZa: honden lives here too so dont steal. 
Oh wow, I was right about something. 
i add a profile but it wont do calibration. 
~JonZa: here. 
~Melissa: Ben echt moe... 
honden: eeh cyrus dont steal my stuff. 
I was worried I was gonna sound stupid!. 
hm. 
hi folks - I'm having trouble starting gdm on an ubuntu 12.04 alternate installation - unfortunately, I don't see any real error message in syslog a warning that the client immediatly exited again... are there known bugs?. 
But this time it was bildramer.. 
cyruslopez: oki. 
:D Yay!. 
honden: te hard gefeest zeker xD. 
>_>. 
~Melissa: xD. 
I am stumped... I am only testing on the emulator, haven't tested on a real device, but the icons just do not appear in the action bar, but pushing the options menu shows the options are available in the list. 
~JonZa: CYR!". 
~Melissa: Jawohl.. 
sound which travels at a speed faster than sound. 
honden: lo. 
i think its using a generic driver instead of the intel one. 
honden: l. 
snitride369: Use this command to shutdown as a regular user (you MAY need to be in the "power" group, not sure if that's the case anymore): dbus-send --system --print-reply --dest="org.freedesktop.ConsoleKit" /org/freedesktop/ConsoleKit/Manager org.freedesktop.ConsoleKit.Manager.Stop. 
hey folks. 
so, a 40KHz speaker and a microphone. 
s/syslog a warning/syslog... only a warning/. 
cyruslopez: okay lets enchant. 
lol. 
~Melissa: Ik heb 3 uur gedanst.. 
cucu, the profile needs to fit to your device. 
ahmedico12 burned to death. 
it's as if showAsAction is just being ignored... I have it set in my <menu> element..  any ideas?. 
honden: wow. 
~Melissa: Geloof me.. 
I'm totally gonna build a sonar drone. 
~Melissa: Dan ben je moe.. 
oops, I mean <item> element. 
Confucius say: Passionate kiss like spider's web soon lead to undoing of fly.. 
honden: partygirl xD. 
wouldn't you want something like. 
~Melissa: Uhu xD. 
40khz mic, normal speaker?. 
Like what plugins?. 
cyruslopez: wait there I'll craft stone sword lol. 
 
nope. 
should it do that by default ?. 
Does anybody here use BSD?. 
otherwise you're just outputting straight back out at the odd frequency, no?. 
 
http://www.truthwinsout.org/blog/2012/06/26448/ .. that's depressing. 
(I don't know what I'm talking about). 
honden: hee cyrus can i go to your xp farm. 
I want to send sounds. 
they bounce. 
and I can count the time passed. 
I'm trying to find out why the facebook like box is showing up on http://hypnosis-product-reviews.com/provocative-hypnosis-book-review/ but not on individual pages such as http://hypnosis-product-reviews.com/. 
just fart. 
cucu, it can come either from the device vendor, a friends measured device or a own measurement of your specific device. 
ZekeS, Very evident from that page. 
_raven: I see this bug but it's old what version of vlc do you run https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/vlc/+bug/294136. 
~JonZa: You got crafting table in your room -.-. 
Launchpad bug 294136 in vlc (Ubuntu) "vlc has issue playing large (~7GB) dvr-ms files"  
I think it's starting to work.. 
cyruslopez: ok but wait there. 
by definition supersonic sound is the radio in the delorean. 
honden: lol. 
cucu, do you have such a profile?. 
need help~~. 
cyruslopez: to XP farm. 
snitride369: Or, you can allow the "poweroff" and "reboot" command to be ran without a password using sudo, and simply use "sudo poweroff" or "sudo reboot". 
haha. 
there's alot of undoing flys at my place. 
Ask your question~~. 
anyone knows about heroes enchant problem?. 
perhaps I should just use cameras, but algorithms for detecting 3D space and everything are ridiculously complicated. 
hmm. 
unfortunately it's by the spiders.... 
lol. 
\o/ google tech talk on nuclear power after fukushima http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Rf0a6HzPLE. 
TroyWubsKathy: i think boseeconomy. 
 
Well that was obvious. 
 
cyruslopez: btw im using dokucraft high so I lag. 
Idun have dat'. 
I keep some spiders just for that purpose.. 
 
i always feel so naughty saying fukushima. 
maybe lasers. 
i got this problem even when i try with new bukkit and new heroes. 
 
 
Sound could TECHNICALLY travel faster than sound. 
Grr  should I upgrade essentials?. 
can i convert a string like "=?utf-8?Q?Transformaci=C3=B3n?=" to some human compatible format in bash?. 
AkaTenSi: So much for outsmarting us by changing your IP. 
Sound through metal is supersonic compared to sound through air. 
Confucius say: Man piss in wind, wind piss back.. 
no i tryed to search for drivers made for ubuntu but it seems like i Dont get the concept of ubuntu and drivers. 
 
mozzie and random flies and bugs. 
?. 
what do you mean. 
tolborg: it's hard to compare drupal with wp .. there are plenty of tutorials on custom post types. 
~JonZa: I love this house :D. 
honden: me too. 
cyruslopez: ok honden im at my XP farm. 
falu, You can use a unicode character as it is in bash.. 
honden: ok jonza can you tp me. 
cyruslopez: its zombie xp farm. 
~JonZa: To home?. 
Confucius say: Man who pushes piano down mineshaft get tone of A flat miner.. 
honden: no  to him. 
cucu, device colour management runs mostly on top of drivers for Linux. 
falu, Works for me. I have a crazy PS1 now like that. Copy pasted the character from wikipedia. 
honden: thnx. 
sacarlson i do not think so because its not vlc in special but some other tools too. 
 
cyruslopez: jonza btw how to get to ur house. 
a sonar is just stupid. 
tolborg: it depends on the level you're on, just start with supereasy stuff, and you can look at free themes and see how it's done there. 
~JonZa: Dunno,set home?. 
honden: lol. 
cameras work fine. 
sylow, I know.. drupal is more a framework. However, my client loves the wordpress backend, and I see this as a opportunity to learn advanced wordpress dev. The reason why I would love a wordpress videoseries, is to get an overview. 
cucu, perhaps you can find a profile here(?) ->  http://icc.opensuse.org/. 
I don't have reason to change my ip?. 
jaseemabid: hm, the source string is that way (email subject) and i want to display it with inotify-send in a human-readable format. clearer now?. 
ok will chick that. 
ahh - wow, never seen a reddit post voted this high: http://goo.gl/vZpgE. 
Title: Where has all the money in the world gone? : finance (at goo.gl). 
cyruslopez: honden want iron helm?. 
honden: yeah]. 
cyruslopez: I have 2 extra iron helms. 
~Melissa: Weet je wat raar was.. 
honden: lol. 
cucu, you mentioned windows, if that comes with a profile, or on e from your vendor, then you can use that as well. 
~Melissa: Thijs zag er wel Sjonnie uit.. 
is there still no signature for the package lists in  and . 
honden: lol. 
Amaranth you're mxing up pandaz and hodong. 
what's infestation do in TBoI. 
~Melissa: Sjonnie?. 
honden: thnx. 
falu, Oh. No clue.. 
Hello how can I match first found regex match with matcher? I mean it defaults to longest match, but how the first?. 
cyruslopez: ur welcome. 
~Melissa: Geen idee hoe je spelt.. 
there are some videos on youtube tolborg , there are some full dvd's too I guess but I have no idea which are best. 
honden: johny ofzo. 
TroyWubsKathy: what version you have. 
hi. 
I thought I remember that being a bot.. 
drupal has drupalize.me, ruby on rails has railscasts - doesnt wordpress have something similar?. 
~Melissa: ;3. 
Hm?. 
I have no idea O_O.. 
When you get hit. 
It spawns a blue fly. 
yay good memory I guess. 
honden: thijs is altijd zo xD. 
TomyLobo: Hodong is not AkaTenSi.. 
useful?. 
~Melissa: YEP XD. 
you can see in server.log. 
w00t google hooked me up with a free vps !!!. 
yeah. 
or by typing /essentials. 
~Melissa: Hij deed alleen een petje op ;D. 
honden: lol. 
but i dont think pandaz is. 
do you get what you paid for?. 
sylow, yes, Im going through some youtube stuff right now. I dont mind to pay for a decent course though. 
tolborg: http://codex.wordpress.org/Post_Types  seen that one yet ?. 
u mean i can use the windows xp drivers with ubuntu ?. 
i don't know what is going on here... 
Yes. 
limnerius: who is admins. 
idk ima login right now. 
dax: thanks for being a good person, and awesome staffer. i dont always agree with you but i still like you.. 
Nice comment on a youtube video "I refuse to watch my little pony because I would probly like it, and I don't want to like it. I want to keep my manliness, no offense you guys.". 
The flies go kamikaze. 
~Melissa: Me?. 
aren't flies mostly useless. 
cyruslopez: I have bow with 20 arrows. 
jaseemabid: might be easiest in python. i'll have a another look at it.. 
~Melissa: ;3. 
limnerius: protect my house. 
woo, an hour until I go to the show. 
cucu, no, but the ICC profile for your monitor device. 
are bots allowed in here?. 
2.9.1. 
honden: lol. 
cyruslopez: who wants em. 
ohshit. 
truexfan81: nope. 
limnerius: plz. 
it spawns three. 
:o. 
honden: i dont. 
they absorb a tiny angle of incoming bullets. 
truexfan81: so thanks for removing it :). 
honden: i have enough. 
try go pre2.9.2.5. 
.getess. 
/rfacehoof)/facehoof)/rfacehoof)/facehoof)/rfacehoof)/facehoof)/rfacehoof)/facehoof). 
Essentials recommended build 2.9.1 (30-Mar-2012 01:57 UTC): http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/essentials/. 
cyruslopez: oki. 
hm. 
.build. 
bildramer, not these ones. 
Essentials pre-release build 2.9.2.5 (17-Jun-2012 16:55 UTC): http://tiny.cc/EssentialsPre. 
Essentials recommended build 2.9.1 (30-Mar-2012 01:57 UTC): http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/essentials/. 
CraftBukkit recommended build 2222 (2012-06-10 01:08:56): http://dl.bukkit.org/downloads/craftbukkit/list/rb/. 
These ones actively attack. 
AkaTenSi try asking your question in #heroes. 
get pre-release. 
No, really, this is what it comes down to. I understand him perfectly, and this is part of why I'm proud of being brony. 
sylow, Ive watched a Lynda course on post types, so I understand that. I want to learn the stuff I dont know that I dont know. Makes sense? :). 
put a ? after the character match. 
i did but. 
it /does/ challenge social conventions. 
honden: hee cyrus i can make weakness potions in trade for gold. 
ah i c,, ok searching. 
they says it's bukkit problem. 
wait longer. 
<< alternating caps for effect. 
so i'm here. 
also.. search for non-greedy regexp. 
honden: or iron. 
cyruslopez: oh but I dont have gold. 
 
hmm. 
does cyanogenmod support using the button backlights of the nexus s as notification leds?. 
~Melissa: Protected.. 
cyruslopez: oh lol. 
yeah ;-). 
so what exactly did they say?. 
falu, The question should not be in #archlinux anyways. 
can you pastebin the log or something?. 
it doesn't take long before you'll run into it I bet. 
falu, good luck. 
i did. 
limnerius: admin protect my house PLZZZZZZZz. 
~Melissa: I DID IT.. 
As usual, it's somebody else's fault.. 
sylow: but thanks alot for helping out :). 
uh yeah and put the link here :D. 
jaseemabid: you are right, my mistake.. 
cyruslopez: its done limnerius. 
"manliness" isn't an inherent quality - it's how society looks at you. 
ah, sorry :P. 
wait a minuate. 
 
Wut's EssentialsGeoIP?. 
 For a breakdown on which Essentials module does: http://ess.khhq.net/wiki/Breakdown. 
limnerius: how. 
tolborg: WP can use frameworks too btw, many themes use an extra layer on top of WP. 
~Melissa: -.-. 
honden: woeps. 
dax: where have you seen it b4, since you say you thought you remembered it being a bot?. 
oh no - this thing is fast .... 
~Melissa: Im very fast.. 
limnerius: ok'. 
cyruslopez: honden can I trade potions with iron stuff. 
orbii: <3. 
just rolled miter. 
let's check wiki. 
limnerius: Thnk. 
no intel or toshiba in the menu. 
~Melissa: Np.. 
honden: yeah. 
sylow: and thats probably a topic I would benefit from knowing more about !. 
truexfan81: I don't remember :\. 
checks your geographic location based on IP. 
 
honden: come to home. 
it's pretty obviously botlike. 
cyruslopez: oki. 
 
can U recommend an awesome theme I can study?. 
cyruslopez: jonza tp me please?. 
tolborg: there are also plugins that do that .. there's a 'types' plugin which you can use in combination with 'views'. 
preferably a stark on good as parent theme. 
real men colllect computers and name some of them from ponies, as I do!. 
Like I can get there ip?. 
~Melissa: Hum.. 
http://ola.earfolds.com/computers/Kalium.html like this one. 
PyroPeter, nope. 
truexfan81: oh. did you need to get the nick dropped before registering it? it might have come up then. 
cyruslopez: honden you want the XP farm? you can have all of it. 
~Melissa: Ik ga zo ofzo skype aanmaken.. 
By doing /ip name or something?. 
your monitor is not intel^^. 
 
http://wp-types.com/  types is free but views isn't. 
honden: jee. 
on logon. 
 
~Melissa: ELLO YELLO. 
sylow, that sounds very drupalish. Can u name one?. 
~Rhyan: Ello. 
if permission is present. 
okay.. ill take a look at it. 
dax: no idea. 
misc-- Thanks :). 
 
Ahh.. 
~Melissa: Im making a new house.. 
ok, here is a question, how to i change the display resolution to a value thats not on the settings ?. 
.p custom post types ui > tolborg. 
tolborg: http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/custom-post-type-ui/. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Rf0a6HzPLE. 
~Rhyan: Cool. 
~Melissa: On my private island.. 
WTF. 
cyruslopez: Wowzers in my trousers. 
hi. 
honden: lol. 
~Melissa: Lol.. 
truexfan81: ah. let's go with that then. I absorb information about IRC users like a sponge, it's a channel op habit >.>. 
 
~Melissa: Uh, sure.. 
=). 
see, that's just the same thing, using terms like "real men" (even jokingly). 
http://pastebin.com/00Vaw7hE. 
here is link. 
my mac mini is Braeburn. 
 
fris: Im not afraid of diggin into code. Actually I prefer that. 
my iBook is Applebloom. 
i need a active channel to put it in to train its ai lol. 
dax even knows my name. :o. 
orbii: only the lastname. 
my g3 minitower beige is Big macintosh. 
cyruslopez: rhyan can you tp me to jonza pls. 
my IIci is Granny Smith. 
haha. 
srsly? :o. 
?. 
So how bout that discontinuation of those various Macbook Pros?. 
i know orbiis first name!. 
~Rhyan: Ask JonZa to tp you. 
oh yeah, email. 
quadra 650 will be either Applejack or Applefritter. 
It crashed when I went to reload.. 
bonney12, for god knows what reason, you're connecting through the ipv4... not the ipv6. 
forget that, i dont think thats the problem. 
heh. 
oh, i always wanted to know the korean word for "SEVERE". 
tolborg and for parent themes, there's 'roots theme', 'toolbox' , 'starkers' , most of theme give you a basic html5 layout with some extra features. 
orbii knows my name though.... 
Chris, O.O. 
cyruslopez: oki he did it already. 
meh, who cares about macbooks ;o. 
TroyWubsKathy: you do /reload?. 
that i do.. 
Chris, (~bonney12@ks3000667.kimsufi.com): Michael. 
sylow thanks. 
there should be only mac pros and mac minis. 
Sometimes o-o.. 
bonney12, prepare for a jump. 
What the hell?. 
ok.. 
Apple fanboys /ajugh). 
no imacs, no macbooks, no iphones, no ipads. 
how can i know the name of the driver the system is currently using for graphics ?. 
hello, I am trying to run 'pasystray' pulseaudio system tray, but get the following error - http://pastebin.com/XTLw4piY. 
Title: ** (pasystray:22363): WARNING **: Error initializing Avahi: Daemon not running - Pastebin.com (at pastebin.com). 
TroyWubsKathy: dont do /reload. 
truexfan81, it would be much more welcome in some places if it remains absolutely silent. 
hm?. 
that's not a bukkit problem at all. 
There should be no Macs overall.. 
fu?. 
and no microsoft surface. 
Can we just have no apple?. 
hm... 
cyruslopez: I'm not very familiar with dokucraft lol whats this block. 
Chris, -sBNC> DNS request (vhost) for user bonney12 failed.. 
lshw -c video. 
looks like a configuration problem to me. 
(and in addition also too if you ask as well). 
back. 
well, if I could change the history and now of the world. 
TroyWubsKathy: if presents, do the reload that comes with plugin. 
ok. 
had some noodles for breakfast. 
yay. 
yeah i had it in here lobotomized, but i had to remove the lobotomy to make it share those quotes. 
there would be three operating systems left.. 
avahi is only for discovering shit in the network. 
Ahh okays.. 
usr13 right, skype is a gui app - how to run it more than one time with different usernames?. 
you have one class twice. 
i think as same. 
I had pizza for breakfast.. 
OpenVMS, AmigaOS and Symbian.. 
Well umm.. 
TroyWubsKathy: essentials has /essentials reload. 
<3. 
 
Oo.. 
lol. 
I have pizza for dinner. 
and 3 classes are missing their parent classes. 
Well what's the command for reseting the eco again?. 
cucu: lshw lists hardware. lspci -k lists the kernelmodule (driver) in use for each device. 
in the line configuration: driver= .... 
never heard of pasystray before, is this some crap from Aur?. 
you mean you removed its bot?!. 
cyruslopez: meh lagsta lol. 
mm ima give google some money tomorrow not that they need it. 
honden: lol. 
its from the aur. 
honden: wow. 
~Rhyan: Afk. 
 
~JonZa: Stop saying lol,it sounds stupid. 
TroyWubsKathy: yes. 
no, when its lobotomized it will on talk when responding to its owner. 
ㅗㅡ. 
hm. 
if a systray for an audio system depends on avahi actully running it's all sorts of fail. 
as for the crap comment, have you tried it?. 
TroyWubsKathy: oh. 
~Melissa: Lol.. 
honden: lol. 
cRaZyWeNcH: finally got around to reading letter i received on friday from my lawyer about the car accident - latest doc appt reckons i have 0% ongoing disability and insurance will cover no further physiotherapy :| .. i feel like crying again thinking about it.. 
~Melissa: x). 
idontkn0w123: isn't that just the suggested driver, or the driver actually in use? I'm not sure... 
cyruslopez: x). 
on=only. 
One issue with bot AI training in channels like this one is that they often end up regurgitating bits of messages from here, and we're rather against public redistribution here.. 
:). 
i bought minecraft yesterday and it never activated. 
TroyWubsKathy: /eeco reset **. 
hi guys just wondering is aptitude still included in ubuntu ?. 
but i don't think that's important for now. 
TmX097 was slain by Dragonianer. 
honden: ok cyruz. 
Guest45399, fixed. 
honden: wanna trade. 
cyruslopez: ye. 
sorry whoever that was wrong ping. 
Dragonianer was slain by TmX097. 
hmm. 
Guest55403, fixed. 
aptitude (source: aptitude): terminal-based package manager (terminal interface only). In component main, is optional. Version 0.6.6-1ubuntu1 (precise), package size 2297 kB, installed size 6964 kB. 
lol :p. 
... 
ok. 
hmm. 
Grrrr.. 
TroyWubsKathy: and try /eeco reset ** 0 if fails. 
I would change my name,. 
Valtamno why would i ?. 
honden: ok 5 potions. 
cyruslopez: those are my iron stuff. 
but it's temp unavaialable.:P. 
Valtam: clearly the answer is to start avahi. 
cyruslopez: oki. 
orbii, that sucks. 
unavailable. 
^. 
in component main, is optional= not included?. 
./ns regain bonney12 pass. 
oooaaaoooo: Not by default.. 
wait. 
dax: can you suggest any channels?. 
ok. 
breakfast?. 
it's 2 pm. 
ok. 
oooaaaoooo: You can apt-get install it though. 
I love you sir <3.. 
it's what it says. 
oh. LOL.. 
:). 
Dragonianer was slain by TmX097. 
./ns id. 
I got it :D. 
honden: come. 
Quatroking, I saw your gift. 
Thanks Chris :P. 
then i will try to tell ask hereos team again. 
cRaZyWeNcH: yeah, gonna mail or call lawyer about it. it's nto acceptable. especially as i was gonna try and get physio again this week :/. 
if i email mojang what will they do would they buy it for me. 
Thanks!. 
I ate some currywurst. 
What was the occasion?. 
or just fix it?. 
truexfan81: Not really. I only know of two offtopic channels (here and Ubuntu's), and both have similar attitudes about this.. 
you wrote that config, right?. 
is there a manual on essential.protect ?. 
 
being in near constant pain and being told apparently i' not? .. yeah.. 
honden: ok. 
Snowman, it's the fifth time I've gotten that game for no reason at all in my inventory. 
which config you mean. 
someone who speaks korean did :P. 
saw you didn't have it. 
cyruslopez: thanks. 
and I assume you don't want a technical channel, because that'll screw up the language set. 
happy birthday. 
oCean, for me lshw -c video show i915 and with lspci -k its also i915. 
EssMib_8222: yes. wiki. 
.wiki. 
.cmdref: http://wiki.ess3.net/wiki/Command_Reference. 
what game?. 
it gets awfully technical in here though. 
the config containing the player classes. 
if you do a megahal bot and train it for like a year in lotsa different places, that won't be a huge problem as it will be more and more gibberishly. 
dax what about other servers? o be on several servers at once. 
nuclear dawn or something. 
Is there a reload for chest shop?. 
o-o.. 
ZekeS, thank you. 
Happy Christmas to you as well. 
truexfan81: http://searchirc.com. 
how do I do this?. 
it can be*. 
merry sinterklaas. 
oh ye. 
honden: jonza can i have 3 glass. 
Allll the teenaged germanic boys.. 
i dont know, check the dev.bukkit pag. 
Tom^: https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Avahi. 
page. 
lol. 
i did. 
oCean, for me lshw -c video show i915 and with lspci -k its also i915. 
If this channel was actually populated right now there would be such a huge shitstorm right now.. 
Enjoy your Easter. 
ah double post srry. 
 
~JonZa: I cant give stuff. 
sinterklaas is still my favorite holiday because it's so politically incorrect. 
~JonZa: go get som. 
honden: o. 
i never even got a response, so dont know. 
 
 
honden: ill go get some yeah\. 
cyruslopez: I drained all my XP on my enchanted sword. 
youknowme, check the money has left your bank account, chances are the payment was blocked on the grounds of fraud due to an overseas payment. 
 
I mean, it's a holiday about a pope dude with a few thousand black slaves, giving shit to kids. 
~Melissa: Hey Kiki.. 
honden: hey]. 
cyruslopez: Wowzers in my trousers. 
Haha.. 
honden: dude. 
i made that class. 
Viktor never mentioned the racist part.. 
idontkn0w123: yeah, both give probably the actual driver. 
truexfan81, probably still a no for here. 
Although he might not have noticed.. 
guessing thats the car insurance wont cover physio... would youre health insurance cover it instead?. 
~fag: hello. 
cucu, for you it should also be i915. 
but that's not important for now. 
cyruslopez: lol. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zwarte_Piet. 
Valtam: depends on your init system; also the link Tom^ gave :D. 
cyruslopez: I meant x). 
and i know how to fix it so... 
He did spend 95% of his conversations about holland bitching about the turks.. 
but i cant use the credit card for 24 hrs so i can only use it at likee 5pm. 
oh yeah. 
No, I know about Black Pete.. 
cRaZyWeNcH: it's like alliance - for all car accident coverage. 
youknowme, try using paypal instead. 
Because of you.. 
how. 
my health-insurance will cover about 12 sessions at about 30% of the cost. 
startet my notebook with gma 4500m like yours, and it uses by default i915 driver. 
rotterdam is pretty much little turkey. 
so fix it and see if the problem persists. 
Do you have a paypal account?. 
So what's up with the turks all through germanic europe anyway?. 
Eindhoven is like little China. 
by using my dads credit card. 
but .. yeah :| .. i shouldnt be paying for something that isnt my fault. 
Ahhh.. 
thank you ZekeS, I appreciate the answer. 
I see.. 
there isn't much on how protect works. 
if not, maybe try to actually mention your problem :D. 
30% being how much you pay?. 
I hear germany's awash in them, too. 
cyruslopez: Buying 2 discs for 2 weakness splash potions. 
no, 70% being what i pay. 
ouch. 
Was there some problem with Turkey?. 
Keiran, we imported them in the 60's but now they won't leave. 
honden: lol. 
how about you come to my server and check it?. 
They pay by doing /pay amounte. 
cRaZyWeNcH I've heard bad things about combining insurances if an expert didn't put things together and teaching you to. 
Dragonianer hit the ground too hard. 
So it send the money in the /bal and /money ?. 
nope. 
youknowme, ask your dad if he has paypal. 
will open test server. 
Does your dad have a paypal acc?. 
busy with other stuff. 
 
yes its i915. 
TmX097 hit the ground too hard. 
nsadmin: it's australia, unless you live here you're not gonna 'get' it. 
oh... 
and i'm not qualified to test heroes. 
i never used it. 
zendeavor: generate_list() unset IFS. 
Well, if you imported them, you made a committment.. 
yeah that's the problem. 
I kinda cringe coming in here sometimes, some people are really nice, others give opinions, not answers. 
zendeavor: Uh, nevermind.. 
cheers. 
hm... 
oh ok. 
EssMib_8222: what you want to know?. 
but as someone said above, the issue with the colors is not problem with gpu but with your display. 
guessing thats 12 sesions per policy year... but only 30% is terrible. 
TroyWubsKathy: doesnt iconomy do /money pay. 
Well you could always leave Holland, I guess. 
 
 
how does one define what a person is able to do and not. 
 
 
Yeah.. 
for example buidling. 
kind of how we now have more and more polish people getting jobs that are construction-related. 
TmX097 hit the ground too hard. 
noo but i do i just made one to try on my gift card my mom bought me and it didnt work so later like at 5 or 6 ima try paypal. 
cyruslopez: I'm lagging because of my Dokucraft. 
jaseemabid: Automatic status messages? Don't: http://sackheads.org/~bnaylor/spew/away_msgs.html. 
I used to know most of the code of Heroes,. 
But /pay works too.. 
they're everywhere. 
can confirm. 
But then.... 
default users in my config have essential.protect. 
So it just goes into both I'm guessing.. 
I got busy.. 
i had some sessions of physio on my shoudler a few years back... covered by medi care. 
and they always build shit or paint shit. 
ahh it's pavucontrol with a systray icon and avahi. 
yes. 
don't really do much else. 
but they still can't build. 
 EssentialsProtect and GroupManager can be configured to prevent default users from building, to allow a group to build set 'build: true' on the group.. 
 If you cannot build, make sure that you are not in the spawn protected region, and that you have promoted yourself to a group with 'build: true'.. 
... 
TroyWubsKathy: you did block essentialseco command, right?. 
And they went and updated everything.. 
cRaZyWeNcH: last i checked my physio was about $100/session, and insurance would cover $30/session so eyah. 
What's that command?. 
I would liek a tray icon for pulse. 
TmX097 hit the ground too hard. 
Quatroking, I guess the dutch are too special to work in the shitty jobs you guys have the turks and poles do.. 
now, the asians. 
~JonZa: kiki,i cant put wool in this single hole!. 
cyruslopez: what does weakness potion do. 
so no solution?. 
how dare they. 
i'd expect there's an alternative without avahi if you don't need it. 
the asians just have their little stores, work hard, don't complain, don't cause trouble. 
link the creditcard to paypal, and you can use that to purchase, you wont have to wait till 5pm then. 
EssMib_8222: essentials.protect is not a real node. 
~JonZa: You are fast :D. 
they're the best foreign worker's we've ever had. 
.perms. 
.perm: http://wiki.ess3.net/wiki/Command_Reference/Perm. 
 
that would be nice. 
workers. 
They own every snackbar. 
Dragonianer tried to swim in lava. 
maybe it's if even a compile time option?. 
the bots brain is getting quite big. 
EssMib_8222: also, essentialsprotect doesnt do a world wide build block. 
Why have foreign workers at all? Your country is insanely crowded, from what I'm told.. 
Snowman, but they're good at it. 
http://i.imgur.com/R9L3T.png. 
wtf nano lol thanks googs. i <3 vim. 
TmX097 tried to swim in lava. 
EssMib_8222: whats your permissions plugin?. 
Check that out haha. 
How big?. 
ok, nothing useful in the display settings, diffrent resulotions changes almost nothing with the quality of display. 
Arch linux where is ifconifg. 
I am trying gnome 3. 
cyruslopez: brb switching to dokucraft light. 
I still know half of its code.. 
Keiran, we're, like, only good with watery things. 
 
 
nano <3. 
AS_HELP_STRING( ). 
it looks nice and its way faster than unity. 
pachinkoboss: deprecated. 
~JonZa: Neanopets help!. 
in the configure.ac. 
~STOP: Hey. 
watery things and science. 
although I know enough vim to survive on systems that don't have nano. 
~STOP: what?. 
erm, vi **. 
even though i cant use it for a day. 
 
honden: hey. 
I am sure not as fast as an xfce or fluxbox. 
~JonZa: i cant put this wool!. 
Viktor mentioned that -apartments- are sometimes passed down to children.. 
nano ftw!. 
brb, will try external monitor. 
Valtam: rebuild and add --disable-avahi to ./configure in PKGBUILD. 
I mean wtf.. 
but its good enough. 
And drop. 
essentials  group. 
~JonZa: Green one. 
That's pretty crazy crowding. 
~JonZa: in that hole. 
(also remove avahi from deps ofc :p). 
Man I just got my wireless to work but my Arch is still ugly as everything. 
Keiran, haven't seen that happening in ages. 
yes ofc :). 
i got lost lol. 
however windows cannot be minimized in gnome 3 ?. 
~JonZa: Can you try. 
 
~JonZa: Green wool. 
EssMib_8222: go to groupmanager folder in plugins. 
EssMib_8222: then the world folder. 
pachinkoboss: install net-tools if you want to use ifconfig instead if iproute2 suite. 
EssMib_8222: open groups.yml. 
~STOP: But dobby's in the hole.. 
I only know of one occasion and that's my mom's aunt who stayed with my mom's grandma. 
 
maybe if I didn't have kate and friends for complicated stuff, I'd use vi more. iono.. 
cRaZyWeNcH: just double-checked the policy, $45 on 1/2 visit, $32 on 3-11, and $17 on 12+ up to $1200/year. 
 
i kept hitting yy and esc and yy kept showing up. 
~JonZa: that's why!. 
EssMib_8222: change under default group build: false to build: true. 
~JonZa: Damn dobb. 
~Melissa: xD. 
thankyou FOSSZEALOT much appreciated. 
Gffa it was a joke. 
~Melissa: HEYO!. 
 
~STOP: HAhah. 
 
~JonZa: plz move. 
cyruslopez: I have all 3 dokucraft themes and im using the high. 
yyand p's everywhere. 
nano is a pico clone. 
youknowme, it's blocking the card. they won't even see the card details when you use paypal. 
Hn.. 
Snowman, yeah I guess we're good at food too. 
Unilever. 
~STOP: How long were you in there for?. 
Segnale007, sure you can minimize windows. 
~Melissa: 5 min?. 
~JonZa: Lol XD. 
... 
cyruslopez: lol dobby. 
~Melissa: xD. 
that whas kind of obvious srry. 
~Melissa: You just look like. 
~STOP: Nice place. 
~Melissa: WTF?. 
definately want to ask the lawyer how you'be been classified as not having a problem. 
cyruslopez: oh hello nean. 
AkaTenSi still havent heard your problem. 
and how does one protect an area ?. 
That's British/Dutch. 
~STOP: Hey. 
It's funny, because there's a dutch delicatessen in the town I'm moving back to.. 
so if i use paypal with his credit card paypal wont know its blocked. 
So is shell. 
ahmedico12: hey can someone protect my home. 
how ?. 
What would you suggest I buy from it?. 
oh ye. 
EssMib_8222: you cant. 
you should at least be allowed a 2nd opnion. 
problem is. 
I cant see the bottom. 
Keiran, drop. 
~Melissa: WHY I CANT PLACE THIS FRICKING WOOL?. 
?. 
neanopets: Dobby?. 
(i would hope). 
when i do enachant. 
~Melissa: Im then like. 
to minimize window. 
see if they have stroopwafels. 
~Melissa: Hihihi... 
cyruslopez: lol dobby. 
cRaZyWeNcH: yup, not real impressed with the doc who took 10-15mins to assess me and barely asked any questions about how much trouble i was having. 
level remains. 
liquorice. 
~Melissa: Yes?. 
i was in visudo - i thought most did it the vi way i was mistaked. 
~Melissa: Yes Nean.. 
ok go into to compiz settings manager and enable them. 
 
so worldguard is the only option there ?. 
ohgross.. 
oh ok. 
visudo opens nano for me :D. 
thanks. 
 
neanopets: can you protect his house?. 
I hate liquorice.. 
i mean xp. 
Checked if your experience bar is the same?. 
:(. 
dax: it's EDITOR dependant. 
indeed. 
welcome. 
 
My Mom loves it and I buy it for her.. 
yes it is. 
it's because it's black isn't it. 
so is sudoedit, which I also use a lot. 
cyruslopez: jonza where's exit. 
Segnale007: The windows in Gnome Shell are managed in the Activities dashboard, just like about everything else.. 
:). 
But I can't stand the stuff myself. 
~JonZa: up. 
No, not at all.. 
you filthy racist. 
YOU'RE A RACIST. 
It's because it's -disgusting-.. 
cyruslopez: im getting some sand to make glass. 
It looks exactly like pavucontrol with some of the options in a systray dropdown.  I can see how that would be liked :). 
~JonZa: get up there. 
I bet you do like salmiak liquorice. 
It could be any colour and it'd still be disgusting. 
THAT'S WHAT THE GERMANS SAID ABOUT THE JEWS TOO. 
RACIST. 
 
why so much?. 
yes. 
What's salmiak liquorice/. 
 
theadmin, yes I have seen I can arrange them there. 
NodinChan. 
Should be something wrong with Enchant's code.. 
it's drop with salmiak. 
Epi. 
... pavucontrol should really be a dependency tho, given that it's launched by one of the menu options vOv. 
 
it's brownish. 
 
 
can you come to my server and. 
Segnale007: Well, that's where you find the minimized windows too. 
Your joke about the girl who fell of the swing. 
check it for me?. 
close applications or move to another desktop. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salmiak. 
 
Not home.. 
 
 
cyruslopez: the first donator lol. 
No, it's still gross. 
My friend replied with this ""Where did the little girl go after the explosion? Everywhere". 
oh... 
not meaning to imply there;s something wrong, just curious. 
Oh look it's Snowman and Keiran. 
That stuff is even grosser than the sweet kind. 
 
hey , the external display works great. 
Either Enchant's code is broken, or the experience update of Bukkit is broken.. 
~Melissa: Protect.. 
coollew3: hey dobby. 
now i want my laptop screen to be like that. 
salmiak is also in cola. 
~Melissa: Nice Lewis.. 
hai coollew3. 
joe is the only editor. 
boobieman: ho wil buy nethercrack. 
:D. 
I'm not a fan of cola. 
coollew3: hey rymate :3. 
Thanks for donating :). 
for idiots. 
feck. 
coollew3: its fine. 
i am terrible at TBoI. 
when i tried it with spout plugin. 
so the protect module gives you the possability to protect the spawn and ceratin blocktypes ?. 
coollew3: my pleasure. 
yopu need to find out you display name. 
is ubuntu 12.04 using plymouth for the boot splash screen?. 
it worked so,. 
nsadmin: I like messing around. 
cyruslopez: what the hell im lagging on low graphics. 
honden: xD cool room. 
so anyways, dutch delicatessen shop. 
look for stroopwafels. 
coollew3: who am i looking at?. 
tightwork, nah, thats nano.. 
plymouth (source: plymouth): graphical boot animation and logger - main package. In component main, is required. Version 0.8.2-2ubuntu30 (precise), package size 119 kB, installed size 421 kB. 
cyruslopez: lol. 
Sqozza, you're terrible at life as well. 
it allows you to protect rails, chests and signs. 
cRaZyWeNcH: I hope so :| .. i dont know if i should have gone in there collating how much trouble i have day-to-day or what.. 
lol. 
boobieman: <ramate1234> check the spawn. 
dax: I don't like you anymore. 
Oh god Quatroking. 
Snowl posted this. 
blacklist and notify items. 
sachael: Yes.. 
http://a8.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/s720x720/181451_3689279308444_1712629289_n.jpg. 
 
this looks obnoxiously sweet. 
Staffpony: what did I do now. 
cyruslopez: lol xD. 
on place, use and break. 
jesus christ what. 
and you can find more on config. 
A TB of memory ?. 
how can i do that ? "sorry 4 being so clueless ". 
Oh! And I've had these.. 
using nano. 
\ooo/. 
I want that. 
i want to change hereos api but it's now allowed right?. 
as default, even. 
joint I used to work at before mofo's would edit everything in nano... even long ass apache.conf, mistakes happend regularly. 
it's not over the top sweet. 
Staffpony: oh hush. editor wars are so 1990's. 
it's just right. 
I might be able to get 20 fps in minecraft. 
 
ahmedico12: hey can someone protect my home PLEASE. 
huh. 
nano is so easy tho. 
Yeah I've had this or something very like it. 
whats your notebook name and type?. 
And the processor... 
so i installed xfce4 to try it, it changed the boot splash. I would like to get it back to the default one, or, ideally, preview some of the themes available without restarting for each one. 
orbii, probably should. 
Oh my. 
dax: yes, but I can't have any distro or desktopwars with you anymore :(. 
It's too sweet for me.. 
explosive tears suck. 
dax: any alternatives?. 
boobieman: how is the owner. 
cyruslopez: do I seem to be suspecting 23haz23 is daley. 
changing an API that's used by dozens of people?. 
well then get the non-wafer kind. 
Staffpony: I'm on Windows 7 right now because loldwarffortress, you can make fun of me for that. 
stroopkoeken. 
well you can do that, but that'll break plugins :D. 
.players. 
Online (11/30): 23haz23 Dragonianer TmX097 ahmedico12 boobieman coollew3 cyruslopez honden lilleypad46 ~JonZa ~Melissa. 
honden: lol. 
so if i use paypal with his credit card paypal wont know its blocked. 
crazywench: i think i'm going to have to, i cant think of any other approach .. i feel like i'm about to be bent over for compensation based on that.. 
i dunno if this link googs showed me is good or not but is any of you's interested in a free vps ?. 
it is possible. 
it's the same stuff but with thick cookie instead. 
honden: maybe. 
haha ur on win7 hahahaha. 
less sweet. 
ye.... 
boobieman: honden ben je nederlands. 
sachael: There are plymouth-... packages in APT, just install one of them. 
Ehn.. 
I'll be in Berlin in less than a week. 
so for exmple what would i have to edit to give default users build right an break rights ?. 
honden: ja. 
its toshiba l300-254. 
the vps is top notch. 
Not my style at all.. 
and yes, I did reconfigure PuTTY to not do right-click paste ;). 
boobieman: ookee. 
cyruslopez: the 23 in his name. 
boobieman: wie is de baas. 
What about something savoury or meaty. 
ZekeS#] I agree. 
or a drink instead of a snack. 
i just damn told you its not essentialsprotect. 
honden: rymate. 
Staffpony: half of my dwarves died :(. 
you have build: false on default group. 
youknowme did the transfer work?. 
4722 lines. 
boobieman: zeg tegen hem dat die spawn moet checken. 
Also what site did you buy it from?. 
~Melissa: Waarom zou hij?. 
hero cassis. 
honden: hoezo. 
?. 
dax: and that's why you should never have a position with any responsabilities :(. 
Wow. 
hrm.. 
boobieman: kapoooot. 
id k. 
~JonZa: Good cyr,take it off :D. 
so in other words: bad idea and i dont even see how you got that idea.... 
putty right-click pastes.. 
Dutch Black Currant Soda. 
i did  not try it. 
i changed it. 
real men edit text with stone and chisel. 
Staffpony: http://i.imgur.com/ejS7W.png => the O are coffins. 
Satellite L300-254 ?. 
TIL. 
gonna try get it to 10,000 lines. 
honden: jonza can you protect my room. 
~Melissa: Dat hoort zo, slimmert.. 
yes. 
Check to see if it did. Also which site did you buy it from. 
did /manload?. 
boobieman: ojaaaa. 
youknowme, can you get your dad to type, he probably understands what we are saying. 
~Melissa: x). 
Oh! I bet that would be good.. 
~JonZa: Can someone protect my house. 
Okay:). 
dax: is that the original interface?. 
It's probably just like Ribena, right? only pre-mixed.. 
VPS Server - Free Trial - DigitalOcean.com/VPSserver. 
cyruslopez: mods can. 
Staffpony: a handful of them died fighting a monster. this made the other ones mad and they started killing each other. I lost 70 dwarves (half of my population). 
ahh its a trial. 
i heard about it from some other people. 
dax: I always thought it's ascii only. 
honden: can someone protect my room melissa. 
~JonZa: can we?. 
Staffpony: different tileset from default. 
Yeah if you can get your dad to talk with us. 
wtf is ribena. 
It'll help. 
Hello  
ah. 
my xchat crashes so many times, is that normal?. 
INTERNETS. 
he is not her right now hes at work or at red apple with his workers. 
oops i forgot. 
dax: then make them create new dwarves. 
cyruslopez: "Ask mods and admins to protect your home. 
and there is some people who changes api and uses?. 
boobieman: kom kijken dan melissa. 
BobMarley: No, obviously.. 
~Melissa: Waar Freek?. 
Quack.. 
It's black currant syrup for use with carbonated water. 
:( damn trial.. 
Quack.. 
cyruslopez: brb]. 
do i have to do dis on each boot ?. 
 
~Melissa: Hier?. 
honden: bij jonza. 
To make black currant soda. 
Hey, If I send my config for Sceduled Announcer 2 can you guys fix it.. I deleted one line and it went all poopy and I put it into a YAML Parser and I can't figure it out and it took me forever to write out all this stuff D:. 
Aha2Y, yeah. 
No you aren't a duck :p. 
Wow my sword is HUGE. 
ff. 
Hey. 
I have an idea. 
lilleypad46 was shot by Skeleton. 
Staffpony: yes, I did. and you start getting migrants again after a bit, though it gives messages about "... despite the danger" because of all the deaths. 
youknowme could you tell me which site you used to buy it from?. 
ah*. 
better ask #heroes. 
nou. 
Shut the duck up and go adopt a duck.. 
DTF mean what I think it does?. 
it's pretty much like that. 
>:(. 
Erm. 
 
minecraft.net. 
No :l. 
ok. 
honden: w8 ben je weer onzichtbaar. 
hehe. 
or you could use lains' .yaml other?. 
~Melissa: Oke.. 
no answer form them at all now. 
Yeah, that stuff's okay.. 
it looks like a big mess. 
theadmin, so, why it crashes ?. 
~Melissa: Geprotect.. 
wait longer. 
bonney12: wont work. 
but I guess I've pretty much had it. 
honden: ok tnhx. 
why?. 
bonney12: its designed for GM. 
The best thing I can suggest is to go to http://help.mojang.com. 
honden: lol. 
Also, fanta lemon. 
The store sells fanta, which I've never seen anywhere else.. 
lol. 
honden: wwar is je meloen hoofd. 
how good is ribena. 
Why?. 
ask again in 10 minutes or something. 
And use the correct form to email them about your purchase. 
~Melissa: Weg.. 
So.. 
Ribena is passably okay.. 
waited 3hours.. 
About that MineZ? :V. 
apparently they don't have fanta lemon in the states/canada. 
fanta is pretty common here. 
It's not my favourite thing. 
Oh, OS wars.. 
ribena pwns. 
best to use a normal parser. 
honden: hoe deed je dat eigenlijk. 
BobMarley: Well nobody can explain that without decent information. What's the last message on stdout or stderr before the crash?. 
What are the proper permissions for ~/.config/user-dirs.dirs ?. 
anything with blackcurrant is awesome actually. 
someone slammed into a car behind me. 
ZekeS: Remember that diegoviola?. 
i heard a loud bANG. 
Hi. I am teaching my mother of 90 years old how to use Ubuntu !!. I need a screen caster but which shows a coloured circle where the mouse pointer is, any ideas please. 
aetoxx: mine are 600. 
BobMarley, what do you mean by crashinf. 
Quatroking, I think they have it there. 
~Melissa: ;3. 
http://help.mojang.com/customer/portal/emails/new. 
I've honestly never seen fanta anywhere else ever. 
~Melissa: Trucjes.. 
honden: :D. 
even .yaml OTHER?. 
o.o. 
but if I'm getting lemon soda, sorry, but I'm getting San Pellegrino limonata. 
maybe try their forum then?. 
shit is delicious.. 
will they get for me ?. 
all they let you is insert a ticket, grim. 
nope, you guys don't have fanta lemon. 
which never gets answered. 
see if the shop sells that. 
What's that?  Link?. 
honden: eeh. 
They'll try find the purchase to see if it went through, and if it did go through, they'll activate your account. 
Necrodoom they do answer. 
Blurrrgh. 
It just can take up to 48 hours. 
I wish someone would make banana soda. 
~Melissa: Eeeh, WAT?. 
fanta was invented for nazis wasn't it?. 
theadmin, how do i see that stdout or stder?. 
ok.... 
and if it didnt. 
I don't know why, but I absolutely love artificial banana flavour. 
coke for american soldiers, fanta for nazis. 
~JonZa: ?. 
Hi nallar.. 
honden: ik had het tegen jonza. 
Keiran. 
bonney12: as far as ive seen it may be. 
listen to SecretAgentMan. 
his voice. 
cop car. 
makes me moist. 
:|. 
srsly. 
is there. 
BobMarley: Launch xchat in the terminal, see the messages it prints when it crashes. 
mrmist: the box on the left is a storage room. it's around a graveyard. to the right of that is another storage room just for food. above-right of that is a dining hall. the rooms to the above-left of that are bedrooms. the X's in the middle are a staircase. 
morsnowski, well i am talking on irc and it crashes suddenly. 
He's a religionfag tho. 
Grim_Reaper: counting 2 weeks and up. 
ahmedico12: Melissa may you please protect my house?. 
If it didn't go through, you can try buy it again and see if the payment works this time. 
~Melissa: Je zegt alleen eeh.. 
http://www.nesbitt.ca/freebsd.html. 
and?. 
Title: Why FreeBSD over Linux? (at www.nesbitt.ca). 
scary :(. 
Earnestly: sup (messing with xorg settings \o/). 
I've already got one of those in my life who makes me moist.. 
Necrodoom what was your issue?. 
I don't need two.. 
honden: ok eeh  jonza nou goed. 
will try. 
no I'm just rational. 
where's hali to vouch for SAM's voice. 
Keiran, calve mayonnaise. 
brb. 
~Melissa: Ahmedico12 i have protected it.. 
Last evening, trying to rally people around the "patents = bad, kill them" idea?. 
one of those thinks for himself types. 
~JonZa: ? plz talk english. 
Necrodoom, i believe they answer account issues first. 
like in the window goes away or in connection lost or you get kicked ?. 
Quatroking, mayonnaise?. 
aff, he's on snooze. 
honden: ok. 
^. 
Q-bit, you in a car?. 
ahmedico12: thanks. 
dax - Nokia fired the Qt team, atm people are wondering whats going to happen to kde now, well now w/o Nokia's backing. 
Yeah, what of it?. 
theadmin, you mean to run the xchat from the terminal?. 
How would it be different from normal mayonnaise?. 
~JonZa: What did i do?. 
dutch mayonnaise is very different compared to american/canadian mayonnaise I've heard. 
nsadmin no, it was behind me and it rattled my body. 
ill tell my dad  if it went thru. 
honden: nothing. 
Necrodoom perhaps send Marc_IRL a message when he's on here later. 
BobMarley: Uh yes, that's what I just said.. 
Nokia went full retard. 
I was hoping not to start that area of discussion again :p. 
~JonZa: Then why you talked about jonZa?. 
Looky what I found: https://github.com/torvalds/linux/pull/17#issuecomment-6466526. 
Title: Pull Request #17: Add support for AR5BBU22 by WNeZRoS · torvalds/linux · GitHub (at github.com). 
yup.. 
never seen him on #Minecrafthel. 
because it said purchase succecful. 
23haz23: FACK YOU111111. 
help*. 
hopefully Qt won't die though. 
honden: well melissa is a whyner. 
It won't.. 
http://i.imgur.com/BjUTB.jpg. 
prob not. 
~Melissa: xD. 
xc: to quote one of my favourite KDE developers: "nothing". 
 
~JonZa: ?. 
lol. 
I very much dislike gtk. 
kde 4.* is hossturds. 
~Melissa: I KNOW WHAT THAT IS. 
this place is like a zoo :(. 
Staffpony++. 
Necrodoom recently he's been coming on here. 
Also Sam's right. 
honden: lol. 
That's the one jaseemabid linked earlier .... ohhh I see what you're pointing out. lol. 
Fanta originated due to difficulties importing Coca-Cola syrup into Nazi Germany during World War II due to a trade embargo.. 
hey everyone. 
neither Qt (which is community based now) nor KDE (which found other sponsors) will die from it. 
coollew3: sorry. 
yeah I know. 
Or...whoever was talking about nazifanta. 
Qt has procedures in place to deal with corporate stupidity, and it probably won't even get to that.. 
morsnowski, i dont know but the xchat closes sometimes and i dont know why, there is no connection lost. 
coollew3: XD. 
it makes me feel alpha while drinking it. 
youknowme then I suggest going to http://help.mojang.com and sending them an email about it. 
~JonZa: What can donators do?. 
anyone else running WP with lighttpd and has broken permalinks too?. 
Haha.. 
honden: yeah. 
hi guys. 
Why? The Nazis lost :D. 
coollew3: gm. 
It's just like when Canonical re-assigned their paid Kubuntu developer. The show goes on.. 
just thought I'd give #minecraft a fun fact. 
~JonZa: only?. 
Yeah but I didn't. 
honden: o cool. 
well this is the company that started backing windows phone 7 that we're talking about. 
it's just .yaml filename. 
~JonZa: and tp. 
That's cool, Sam, thanks!. 
coollew3: i had tp anyway. 
also the company behind symbian. 
It's a thing I didn't know.. 
somebody on here?. 
go with theadmin hint. 
I live to give. 
~JonZa: kay. 
nope. 
i got some issues. 
Hi nallar.. 
permalinks still work, but only with /index.php/ in the link. 
Its too hard to keep track of things here. Phew!. 
with listpreferences. 
if anyone is interested i have packaged slic3r (aur). 
that's what she said. 
http://pastebin.com/JLUZTc8U. 
oh you were being sincere. 
dude, the whole life equation changes when u realize there is 7 billion humans with towns and cities across the globe. 
If no one bought anything from companies created by the Nazis or given shitloads of money by the Nazis.. 
np :). 
Pull request, lol :P. 
we're halfway to 10,000 lines!. 
 
and wars. 
-NickServ- Information on Marc_IRL -NickServ- Last seen  : Jun 22 16:58:20 2012 (12 hours, 35 minutes, 43 seconds ago). 
We wouldn't buy very much stuff. 
5000 lines is huge! :D. 
ok. 
 
and updating the summary on click one of the preferences in the list. 
.yml http://pastebin.com/JLUZTc8U. 
honden: please make it night again. 
ok i edited the world one folder and it's fiexed now. 
Yaml check (other) Failed, see URL - http://wiki.ess3.net/yaml/15186. 
thx. 
~Melissa: Nope.. 
Keiran, see if they have haribo. 
honden: 2 sec. 
it's german but we have haribo smurfs. 
~Melissa: Nein.. 
Anyone here successfully using rtorrent-pyro?. 
And if we then included all the companies that were owned by axis-affiliated countries in that prohibition. 
 
TroyWubsKathy: well, thats once odd error. 
Segfaults for me atm. 
honden: jawohl. 
We'd never buy anything. 
:D. 
i never have done similar things, but after the xchat closes how do i check the stdout or stder?. 
~Melissa: NEIN. 
Earnestly, Please dont make it popular again. Im donw with notifications. 
i need to see meghan on sunday morning. 
So, a congress women in america calls out others for not being tech savy, then proclaims that _netizens_ poisoned the well and thus made the internet unreliable. You can't make this stuff up.. 
honden: JAWOHL]. 
IBM also did the punch cards that allocated jewish inmates in concentration camps different designations, which would determine their fate. 
i know where shell be. 
thanks ZekeS that worked a treat (adding --disable-avahi). 
;). 
if i chosse the onclicklistener - the "update" of the summary is wenn i click on the down arrow of the listpreference. 
~Melissa: NEIN NEIN NEIN. 
I don't understand it...... 
honden: JAWOHL JAWOHL JAWOHL. 
neither i. 
watch the terminal window when it crashes. 
honden: xD. 
im not a big fan of kde only due to the fact before my pc couldnt run it soo well, but this is a nice alt: http://forum.slitaz.org/topic/your-qt-desktop-in-38mb. 
Also, see if the store carries negerzoenen. 
coollew3: dobby come look. 
~Melissa: NEYN CAT. 
Congress doesn't know how to deal with change. 
honden: JAWOHL CAT. 
D: How2fix. 
~Melissa: Aah... 
it's another wonderfully politically-incorrect name. 
if i chosse the onchangelistener - the "update" of the summary is when i choose another item of the listprefernce. 
~Melissa: Youre tumors ;3. 
but it is every time 1 behind. 
morsnowski, is that safe to run apps from the terminal?. 
coollew3: yeah.............where r u? D:. 
honden: me gusta. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chocolate-coated_marshmallow_treats#Negerzoenen. 
coollew3: ah. 
~Melissa: Sorry. 
~Melissa: My fault.. 
yeah Nestle is pretty fucked up apparently. 
You don't call people "non-tech savy" and then use the word "netizen". 
is it safe to run xchat from the the link ?. 
negro kisses, yo. 
Kodak was another one. 
honden: yeah it is. 
coollew3: he annoyed me. 
Nestle is out their fuckin' mind.. 
Valtam: that was FOSSZEALOT who told you to check configure options :p. 
~Melissa: Somethimes i forget that i am vanished?. 
nestle also produces catfood. 
coollew3: yeah lol. 
lol. 
~Melissa: He annoyed me?. 
honden: derp. 
pretty sure ive posted that b4. 
and crimes against humanity. 
coollew3: that one mooshroom. 
Oh, and it's trying to decry the SOPA protests. 
~Melissa: Who he?. 
Oh, I see. 
~Melissa: x). 
oh my bad. 
SecretAgentMan, who gives a fuck. 
thank you FOSSZEALOT. 
Scroll a little further down, Quatroking. 
:). 
humans. 
Whippet cookies. 
the earth is overpopulated anyways. 
I like how they mis-capitalized Qt. 
Keiran, yeah but ours is racist. 
be part of the solution then, Quatro :). 
I've already had chocolate-coated marshmallows. 
:|. 
That's a reason TO buy something?. 
TroyWubsKathy: i dont know. 
well it works with sinterklaas doesn't it. 
i think thats his thing. 
 
~Melissa: Hey Quint.. 
honden: eeehyey. 
why when i try a rename a file where is the apostrofo appears this promtp: >. 
I guessss.. 
coollew3: i remember u idontknow. 
~Quinton: Hiii im back from schoolcamp!. 
we're all like "haha black people". 
SliTaz. 
~Melissa: Orly?. 
r u guys real?. 
~Quinton: Ye. 
What creatures have a single leader and they all walk single file following the leader?. 
~Melissa: Waar was het ;3?. 
elron: use \' instead of '. 
~Quinton: Irrel. 
 
nope. all bots.. 
or wrap the filename in "". 
and the black people in our country are all like "haha not giving a fuck, black people". 
~Melissa: Irrel?. 
tightwork, I'm a figment of everyone's imagination.. 
~Melissa: Welk land?. 
and chickens. 
~Quinton: Duitsland. 
thanks sheep. 
I can only think of penguins but that seems wrong.. 
thats really NEAT. 
cows. 
beep boop cluck. 
morsnowski, well, theadmin, told me to run the xchat from the terminal, and i want to know if that is safe to run apps from the terminal! i have read somewhere that it is not very safe to run apps from the terminal. 
~Melissa: Oki.. 
for some reason everyone imagines the same ginger.. 
~Quinton: Mooie piramide hoor xD. 
Man since when is it racist for someone to be black?. 
~Melissa: x). 
coollew3: idontknow remember me?. 
thats NEATER than NEAT. 
~Quinton: Ye!. 
honestly :|. 
illegal characters in filenames, grrr. 
and then like 10 black people are all like "omg racist" and then they protest during the first day of sinterklaas and then they get arrested. 
BobMarley, it's not safe to run xchat in the terminal logged in as root.... 
ok so tell even if the card is bloccked i can still use it on paypal. 
BobMarley: You misunderstood whatever you read.. 
as long s you run them in your user context its ok. 
Besides, I would personally prefer to be chocolate-coloured.. 
wowzers. 
coollew3: how's it going man? its been a while. 
so, the b43 driver does appear to "work", i now get a list of available wireless networks. 
but if you are logged in as your user it's safe :). 
hey python lovers: http://python-os.info/en/. 
As opposed to corpse-coloured like I actually am.. 
BobMarley: Simply open a terminal and type "xchat". 
:<. 
~Quinton: Im OK. 
chocolate booty. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNYjKDrnv4E Watch. Nao.. 
however, when i attempt to connect, it hangs forever, and then just comes back and asks me for the password again. 
PYTHON OS!. 
ahh orbii. 
Epic music.. 
YES. 
~Quinton: u?. 
I LIKE THIS. 
'zacly.. 
coollew3: knackered :P. 
~Melissa: Lol. 
honden: whats the minimal payment for donator. 
i know the password is good, I'm copying and pasting it from the same document that I used when I copied and pasted in to my windows wireless settings. 
~Melissa: 5.00. 
wasn't that tried several years ago with unununium?. 
eph3meral: Is wpa_supplicant installed? (just making sure). 
coollew3: £5.00. 
idk. 
see if the store carries Napoleon candy. 
honden: o. 
oh wait. 
hi. 
it still uses the linux kernel. 
honden: can you use walle. 
hey. 
~Quinton: Coolew. 
yep. 
they're sour and stuff, pretty good. 
~Quinton: Ur creative?. 
coollew3: yes?. 
theadmin, yes /sbin/wpa_supplicant. 
coollew3: yeah. 
i like python but its a pita keeping up with indents. 
honden: can u use walle. 
ye. 
I have a problem whit minecraft. 
~Quinton: ahuh. 
THE WALLPAPERS ARE NSFW. 
honden: cool. 
he donated �5 to get /gm. 
Matspet00: hi rymate!. 
Also, zeeuwse babbelaars. 
get a text editor to handle it. 
DON'T LOOK AT WALLPAPERS ON THAT PYTHON-OS SITE. 
Why is all this stuff candy!. 
looks at wp. 
whats the problem?. 
~Melissa: NOO. 
theadmin, originally I had the STA driver installed, but I wasn't getting any wireless anything, nothing in my network icon in the taskbar, nothing. 
honden: i guess i can do that sometime. 
dunno. 
Also I'm starting to think you're making some of this stuff up. 
~Quinton: xD. 
~Melissa: xD. 
tightwork: if python used brackets, i'd probably bother learning it. 
ok so tell me even if the card is bloccked i can still use it on paypal. 
lol no. 
I wish. 
Zeeuwse babbelaars?. 
theadmin, I uninstalled the STA driver and installed firmware-b43-somethingorother. 
wtf. 
youknowme,  yes. 
 
i've seen far too many scripts break in production from bad indents.. 
kk. 
these can't be real words :<. 
 ill try. 
.seen section42l. 
as suggested by a few posts, but, as I said, it just sits there forever and won't actually connect. 
Altazimuth: section42l was last seen 17 hours, 40 minutes ago saying: Anyways, time to go to the bus and groove out to Sloan. Do svidaniya, everypony.. 
honden: if that will make you happy xD. 
babbelaar is "babbler" or something. 
ye, it will :). 
ahmedico12: guys can zombies knock down iron doors. 
~Quinton: lag. 
War on r/Atheism, illustrated:  http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/vgrv1/when_i_look_toward_ratheism_these_days_this_is/. 
what about ruby?. 
There has got to be about a million posts about that driver in the forums. 
you have to enforce no tabs. 
ooo. 
butterscotch!. 
~Melissa: Nope.. 
reason i like ruby. 
yes. 
ahmedico12: k thnx. 
~Quinton: Nieuwe spawn. 
it has been a pain in the butt for years now. 
see if they carry kroketten and oliebollen. 
it's not candy. 
~Melissa: Quint.. 
also common lisp. 
eph3meral, good to see your making progress. did you reboot after installation ?. 
eph3meral: Hm, if you do something along the lines of: sudo -i, and after that wpa_passphrase your_ssid "your_password" > /etc/wpa_supplicant.conf && echo "ctrl_interface=DIR=/var/run/wpa_supplicant GROUP=wheel" >> /etc/wpa_supplicant.conf && wpa_supplicant -B -Dwext -c /etc/wpa_supplicant.conf && dhcpcd -- does that connect?. 
~Quinton: Ja. 
Staffpony: with the default tileset: http://i.imgur.com/GI2R5.png. 
~Melissa: Ik heb een nieuw huis ;3. 
morsnowski, yes i rebooted. 
coollew3: rymate was i the first donator?. 
Staffpony: (it's still SDL, not console, it just looks more shit). 
~Quinton: op minecraft>. 
ruby's alright... its data structures don't lend themselves well to recursion. 
~Melissa: Pyramide was saai.. 
~Melissa: Ja, mc.. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oliebol. 
limnerius was slain by Matspet00. 
yes. yes you are the first to donate. 
:D. 
Altazimuth: camels and Ducks.. 
coollew3: i feel so special :D. 
 
after I press Log In it will load, but after that. 
XD. 
Black Screen. 
does anyone understand the FontRenderer code in spoutcraft at all? It mentions something about an "inverse" and the cause being unknown in very broken english, and I'm suspicious of the +0.01F being necessary at all. 
~Melissa: Heyo Rhyan.. 
Let's say camels, because Ducks can fly. 
TmX097: hi rymate. 
Matspet00: hi rc !. 
ye rcs10. WE HAVE A FREAKING DONATOR. 
Ello. 
coollew3: hello. 
senior geezer admins at work program eerrything in sh. 
Imagine a bunch of camels. 
I'm talking about baby ducks in a line.. 
I noticed :P. 
we only have them around xmas and new years. 
uffs007, do you see the mojang logo?. 
cyruslopez: Hi Rhyan and Ryan :D. 
~Quinton: Dob. 
and the leading camel inadvertantly leads the others off a cliff. 
~Melissa: Ja?. 
nope. 
er, I thought I was fairly good with bash, but... what does "foo" >> "bar" > /some/file do?. 
limnerius was slain by Matspet00. 
Well, they carry a lot of seasonal stuff year-round.. 
~Quinton: Sinds hoe lang is er een nieuwe spawn?. 
Now the lader is Microsoft. 
 
~Melissa: Week?. 
cyruslopez: Hi Quinton. 
And the cliff is Windows 8. 
~Quinton: dagen. 
Have you tried force updating?. 
productinon user signup system? ... sh. 
'cause I guess a lot of the people who go to the netherlands go during holidays, to see family and such. 
~Melissa: Ja zeker al een week.. 
oh wait, i'm reading that wrong. 
sorry. 
~Quinton: Yo cyrus. 
jes. 
tightwork: that's what we do where i work, the standard is shell for up to around ~150 lines or the complexity warrants something more. Then the standard is perl.. 
kroketten we eat throughout the entire year, IIRC the average dutch person eats like 30 of them a year. 
~Quinton: Kom wij maken een. 
And they come home going, "Oh I miss that seasonal dutch food.". 
lol. 
if not more. 
~Melissa: Nah.. 
And there's a rule around no CLI php. 
 
 
cyruslopez: Oh fu** my shift key broke. 
~Quinton: Dan maak ik er een zelf. 
~Melissa: Ik ben bezig op mijn private island ;3. 
Oh my godddd.. 
Matspet00: a donator !. 
Matspet00: xD. 
I guess. 
This looks so fattening.. 
oO nethack. 
Quatroking if I ate any of this stuff I'd be immense. 
~Quinton: Cool. 
then only eat one of them jesus. 
~Melissa: Maak er ook een. 
~Quinton: Ernaast. 
Don't be so pessimistic, we've all learned to avoid the even numbered MS products by now, just like star trek movies. :D. 
~Melissa: In de buurt ;D. 
xc: that's dwarf fortress, not nethack. 
~Melissa: JA!. 
sure I can deal with sh for simple task, but when user interaction and the web takes over... wtf. 
php changes too much when the next version comes out. 
I've probably ate like 3 in all of 2011. 
~Melissa: Gezellig.. 
Hey now, 7 wasn't so bad. 
s/changes/breaks/. 
And ST 2 is the best ST movie. 
xc: though I'm used to nethack in console mode, so I guess I could get used to DF in ASCII mode. 
 
~Melissa: ELLO YELLO. 
lol it looked like nethack - havent played either - although they do look fun. 
 
application writers do the breaking :). 
~Rhyan: Yello Ello. 
~Rhyan: :3. 
Matspet00: scary :3. 
~Melissa: ;3. 
~Quinton: Eey. 
eph3meral, is that a hidden ssid?. 
cyruslopez: lol. 
the language makes silly changes. 
morsnowski, nope. 
cyruslopez: Wowzerz in my trouserz. 
~Quinton: Wuddap rhyan. 
morsnowski, i can see it in the list of networks when I click on my network icon. 
of course, PHP is silly even when it isn't being changed. 
my main issue with PHP is how horribly inconsistent it is. 
php gets cumbersome in large projects. 
honden: wurd. 
than I'm out. 
i can select the network to attempt connecting. 
~Melissa: Zonder verdriet geen geluk.. 
what version of java do you have? and what is your PC specs?. 
~Rhyan: Ello Quinton. 
one of the national newspapers hold this oliebollen contest and rates about 100 oliebollen stalls throughout the entire country. 
dax: ditto. 
honden: jewel. 
~Rhyan: Long time no talk. 
~Rhyan: :P. 
it asks me for a password, as it should. 
Its gonna be a while before we reach 10,000. 
cyruslopez: lol. 
~Quinton: I whas @ schoolcamp. 
also iirc, doxygen does not support php. 
yes, if it doen't it could have been an ok language, as it is it's too unstable. 
static everything!. 
~Rhyan: That sounds gayyyyy. 
and then about 2-3 minutes later, it comes back and asks me for the password. 
there's no price, just a title, but the winner usually gets a fuckload of customers. 
cyruslopez: x). 
can you play with one of the nwetworks and try different encryptions?. 
this never ends, just keeps asking for the password every 2-3 minutes. 
~Melissa: Problems that i like boys?. 
mysql 5.1 on ubuntu lucid: strange situation where SELECT COUNT(*) FROM foo WHERE id IS NULL returns a COUNT of 1! Happens on two tested 5.1 servers, not on 5.5. Anyone aware of a bug or change that could cause this? id is autoincrement and notnull. 
coollew3: same ;D. 
PHP: what happens when Perl, Java, C++, C, and HTML get together and create a mutant. 
~Quinton: Cyrus why where u demoted?. 
morsnowski, this was working fine on 11.10. 
oh yeah doxygen does do php. 
java is 7,5. 
~Melissa: ;D. 
~Rhyan: Cyrus got banned. 
Id say 24hours. 
cyruslopez: dunno. 
but yeah its annoying. 
dax: inconsistent ways of naming functions (some capitalised, some not) .. inconsistent returns (some as a return val, some as a param) .. etc etc .. it goes on.  It feels like PHP needs a 'core group' who ensures things are kept consistent.. 
~Rhyan: So he isnt trusted any more. 
yup. 
I'm in 25 channels. 
:3. 
cyruslopez: banned and I f*** lost it after months. 
~Quinton: Ahuh. 
sheep, you missed the intermediate step. 
maybe less than 24 hours. 
Matspet00: i was trusted before lol. 
Can some 1 help met with creating a VLAN between my router and my server ( there is also another Switch between ) they all support tagged VLAN's. 
actually, I recall having some various issues with it on 11.10 but, as of a few hours ago (prior to installing 12.04) this self same wireless card was working on Ubuntu 11.10. 
which one?. 
25?!. 
Matspet00: then i got banned :D. 
yes. 
though, tbh, i can't remember if it was STA or the B43 driver that I was using on 11.10. 
I idle in most of them. 
http://www.bitstorm.org/edwin/en/php/ https://maurus.net/resources/programming-languages/php/ http://www.tnx.nl/php.html. 
 
honden: why nonight. 
O.o. 
 
drupals answer to php is "do not hack core". 
and beyond that, inconsistent paradigm use. in that it's the bastard child of about four different languages, so it's a mess of different ideas. 
coollew3: whatever happened to danielscheer?. 
~JonZa: I was trusted before,then i become mod XD. 
cyruslopez: People who get demoted won't get their rank back? or will they. 
~Rhyan: Hes perma banned. 
~Quinton: heey Jonza. 
coollew3: why?. 
~Rhyan: He kept getting unbanned by admins. 
~Melissa: I was trusted.. 
what happens when Perl, Java, C++, C, and HTML get together, is people decide they don't want to laarn any language at all, so they make one up. 
~JonZa: Hello,quinton,who are you. 
Matspet00: cus he sucks. 
~Rhyan: And then getting creative and griefing. 
~Melissa: Then i earned mod.. 
~Quinton: Im IDontKnow. 
all of the programming languages are flawwed, let's make a new one!. 
that;s how you get php :). 
~JonZa: okay. 
dax: if it had had a core team of people (or one person) keeping things standard and consistent, then i imagine it would be more coherent.. 
~Quinton: =D. 
and PC specs?. 
coollew3: good he was a dick. 
~JonZa: I earned mod too. 
~Melissa: Then i become admin. 
as for kroketten, it's a fried snack. 
bonney12, oops I broke it?. 
yet, given all those issues, php is pretty damn ubiquitous, why?. 
XD. 
Matspet00: wow. 
Lol. :P. 
Matspet00: rc. 
I noticed!. 
~Rhyan: ?. 
Matspet00: nice dirt!. 
now the trend is to drum up a new framework. 
I cant get it to restart.... 
Matspet00: :3. 
derp.. 
can I use GTK with i3 WM?. 
sure. 
~Rhyan: I didn't put it there :P. 
ivorybishop: the same reason for apache being ubiquitous. 
Matspet00: oh :D. 
cyruslopez: I got banned 3x. 
I am trying to assign a WAN address to my server by using DHCP ( to get the ip from my ISP ). 
because it's designed for incompetent newbie programmers, does reasonably well when they're setting up a 5 page website, and they don't know any better. 
oh, look for frikandellen. 
cyruslopez: 1 was for griefing my own house lol. 
nothing is stopping you pachinkoboss. 
sheep: touche. 
django/rails is flawed ... make djanils. 
you can use it with almost any window manager. 
ivorybishop, I'd say backing money. 
I just cant get it to workm i've been trying it for like 5 hours. 
how does it work?. 
hello. 
not werry good. 
Matspet00: i got banned on the old server of rymate :D. 
be a *boss* and handle that shit. 
is there any Working livemap for CanaryMod at the moment?. 
what do you mean?. 
or bamiballen. 
Is it just a theme manager. 
then GET TO THE CHOPPER. 
http://cl.ly/2Z1V31421q432K1N3a1Z. 
ivorybishop: http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2008/05/php-sucks-but-it-doesnt-matter.html. 
anyone good with ubuntu on ppc here?. 
screenshot of what i mean. 
lol. 
more or less. 
ok thanks. 
cyruslopez: aaaaaaaaargh. 
??> uffs007 win/dxdiag. 
cyruslopez burned to death. 
what is just a theme manager?. 
~Melissa: That isnt something to be proud on..?. 
uffs007: (win/dxdiag) Press the Win+R keys, and type "dxdiag" (no quotes) in the box. Press enter. If prompted about verifying WHQL, select Yes. Once it has finished loading, click the "Save All Information" button and save it to your desktop.. 
np. 
im gonna handle that shit. 
uffs007: (win/dxdiag) Open the file you just saved, and copy the contents. Paste them on http://pastebin.com/ and click Submit. Then, copy the link in your browser's address bar and paste it into the IRC channel.. 
uh... shit?. 
:<. 
np. 
~JonZa: Wow!. 
I don't understand the question. 
Handle that shit. 
 
:< :< :<. 
orbii: i have read that, ch is one of my fave bloggers ;). 
k. 
Matspet00: nice job man. 
why. 
you aint boss sheep. 
don't worry sheep. 
cyruslopez: ok brb my dokucraft download. 
 
sometimes you just gotta handle that shit. 
mhm.. 
I just wanted local opinion. 
:). 
yea handle that shit. 
my head hurts. 
Matspet00: i hate pheno he got me banned on the old server and took my trusted. 
~Quinton: Guys I got to set storm weather to let grow my grass on dirt. 
i think it sums it up pretty well. 
people with money sees that php produces some neatlooking results, so they assume it will work for them forever. 
why would shit have a file handle?. 
Eagleman7: Shouldn't just running "dhcpcd" do the trick?. 
~Melissa: Heeft een gigantische paard hier gekakt?. 
~Rhyan: Nope :3. 
Sigh, Had a epic pvp battle. 
North Korean concentration camps. 
~Quinton: Potveredomme. 
you aint boss thats why it hurts. 
And I didn't record. 
theadmin the server isnt directly connected to the router. 
because everything is a file?. 
~Quinton: I want grass. 
Would a package made from arch's aur work with another distro?. 
starshiptux: no. 
~Rhyan: You dont need rain for grass.... 
there is a switch between with 2-3 more devices. 
they don't have frikandellen and bamiballen in north korea. 
Eagleman7: Oh... wow. 
~Quinton: what do I need for grass xD. 
well, maybe one that uses the same version of pacman. 
~Rhyan: It automaticly grows. 
limnerius was slain by Matspet00. 
Matspet00: :P. 
but that is absolutely nto guaranteed. 
Thats why i need a vlan. 
interesting thing i see with our clients is they tend to have to migrate away from php as their environment scales - or they have to throw gobs of hardware/servers/caching/bandaids at it.. 
what they didn't konw before they lift the hood is it's very difficult to combine things. 
 okay, I might go back to sbnc 1.1.... 
Matspet00: am haveving fun now :D. 
Lolyep. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Frikandel.jpg. 
starshiptux: not exactly but you should look at the PKGBULD to get a feel for how it is installed compiled w/e. 
might be a good idea. 
other distros that use pacman might have completely different naming schemes, core packages, etc. 
yea unit testing. 
~Rhyan: There. 
Matspet00: rc. 
orbii: And then they find even in other languages they eventually have to cache anyways. 
frikandel, fries and mayo. 
~Rhyan: Yeah?. 
thats one thing I found pretty nice in java and eclipse. 
Matspet00: should i remove the dirt?. 
~Quinton: Now the dirt under the grass is grass to :S. 
~Rhyan: No. 
apparently  the "smout" of those Dutch food things (whatever that is) is made of rapeseed oil O.o. 
You hear voices in your head?. 
handle that shit. 
Matspet00: ok :D. 
~Rhyan: It will change to dirt..... 
I hear voices in your head. 
wat. 
~Melissa: Dat gaan vanzelf weg.. 
Eagleman7, are you certain that your router has dhcp taversing enabled?. 
~Melissa: Yep.. 
and a common, very well tested data model. 
what things. 
by default those boxes don't allow dhcp traffic to pass. 
do you have to be in my head to hear those voices?. 
n wintertime, they are also sold in the street at mobile stalls. In the Flanders part of Belgium and Brussels they are called smoutebollen (literally lard balls although the real "smout" is of rapeseed oil) In English they are more commonly known as Dutch Doughnuts.. 
sheep: that was my thought. that the directory structure created would be different.. 
yes. 
that you can plug things into. 
 
its running openwrt. 
it's not that. 
~Rhyan: Ello James. 
~Melissa: JAMES. 
so ?. 
~Melissa: HELLO. 
so why are you inside my head in the first place?. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rapeseed. 
~James: Hi. 
Matspet00: James ...... 
ahh crap the sun is coming. 
f our planet. 
f it in the a. 
beeee in my heaaaad and I'll siiiiing to yoooooo. 
that leaves the question.... where can I get  a hot dog?. 
http://pastebin.com/ykBt9ZK6. 
are you having your period. 
hot dog stand outside your house. 
Well before getting an IP address from my isp. 
no. 
just said. 
*sad. 
but 2 month's ago I play Minecraft. 
~Rhyan: James how is gregmate?. 
they might, for example, use uclibc instead of glibc by default. or all 32-bit libraries are multilib-* instead of lib32-*. 
i need to get the vlan working. 
Matspet00: i remeber james. 
Matspet00: lol. 
~James: ?. 
 
because we have delicious snacks and canada doesn't. 
synapt: yes and no .. php environments, we tend to see them throw on layers of memcached, various other caching methods, varnish, etc ... 
and now it won't work. 
if i am right. 
~Rhyan: :3. 
~James: Whos gregmate?. 
~Rhyan: You know. 
~Melissa: I have blue.. 
~James: no. 
find cold dog, apply mirfowave. 
to be fair Canada has cinnamon-infused honey. 
Matspet00: rc. 
which is fucking awesome. 
micro. 
what are u guys talking about?. 
~Rhyan: Uh huh.... 
we have cinnamon candy. 
~Rhyan: Yeah?. 
Matspet00: can i kill james do i get banned for that?. 
~Rhyan: Depends. 
~James: you can  try. 
ffv: This is the Ubuntu support channel. 
cinnamon enhances most things. 
and then still throw numerous servers at it. Worse, you still cant really use it with apache2/mpm_worker - so you're forced (if you use apache) to use prefork - which scales terribly and has terrible memory requirements.  Or, you have to run an alternative webserver (lighttpd/nginx/etc). 
hi. 
 EssMib_8682: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
Matspet00: dont want to i killed asharn. 
~James: But then i will kill yuou. 
~Quinton: Maspet is killed by james. 
hai. 
Matspet00: then i got banned. 
hello. 
 grimaldar: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
~Quinton: xD. 
cheer up, Keiran http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yr_Rpk9HR1g&list=FLtUF2fJx7spvhrBjNTjj5bA&index=8&feature=plpp_video. 
im looking forthe command code for ranbow text. 
i thnik that as long as you are behind the router you are going to have an issue, the router is actually to route traffic from your network to the isp's else you'd be looking for a switch. 
Rainbow?. 
.color. 
.colour: http://wiki.ess3.net/mc/. 
what is the perm for admin chat? can't find it. 
~Rhyan: Oh yeah Asharn is back. 
hey. 
admin chat?. 
~Rhyan: He got the virus removed. 
What do you mean?. 
orbii: In my experience sites that do that are generally running horribly unoptimized code (which can really be a case with any language) or other bottlenecking things (like still using Apache). 
yeah. 
anyone on 360 i can join up with?. 
~Melissa: REAL?. 
ive seen that problem all too much... I work at data center. 
~Rhyan: Yeah :/. 
./a message goes here. 
lol. 
~Quinton: Ye!. 
Matspet00: thats bad. 
That's towny. 
~Melissa: HE COME BACK?. 
~Rhyan: He was on skype. 
I think?. 
Matspet00: :3. 
~Rhyan: I hope he doesnt come back. 
~Rhyan: :3. 
nope. 
~Melissa: NICE/. 
~Quinton: Hes always on skype xD. 
for commander data?. 
definately not essentials. 
~Rhyan: It was better without him XD. 
^^. 
hmm. 
thoughti t was. 
Badly designed code is generally one of the number one issues of PHP, because there are too many idjits doing it and calling themselves professionals. 
my entire playlist is legit awesome by the way. 
Matspet00: think i got most daniel and asharn on skype lol. 
.google towny admin chat. 
~Melissa: Thats so hard.. 
in code the string resource is an int which has to be dereferenced by Context.getString(R.string.mystring)...in my own public class file, what context do I use?. 
~JonZa: Without who?=. 
or the ever awesome.. loadbalancer to two web servers, with new developer who makes edits on only one system and never syncs the other one. 
~Quinton: U think so?. 
114,000 results. 
*issue. 
 
uffs007, 1gb or ram is not sufficient to run minecraft on, even if you could run it 1gb of ram can't have been nice. 
~Rhyan: Without Asharn. 
coollew3: he kept trying tp tp kill me before i was trusted. 
~JonZa: Oh yeah. 
well, i have it on my server. 
~Melissa: He is my buddy ;3. 
maybe it's just bukkit?. 
I've been told that it is possible. 
You have towny?. 
I mean god damn would you look at that chinese shovel. 
i've been wrking in the high-sla/high-uptime hosting/datacenter environment a long time .. we typically only get high-bandwidth clients .. it's always interesting watching how clients want to scale things, or how they struggle.. 
but i cant get the configuration right. 
~Rhyan: Eh. 
not bukkit either.... 
~JonZa: my buddy too. 
.cmddb -perm a. 
CmdHelp: Please supply a valid search term. 
~Melissa: Yep.. 
don't have towny. 
Hi.. 
:|. 
Matspet00: i dont like him xD. 
.cmddb a. 
CmdHelp: Please supply a valid search term. 
but I played before. 
TownyChat. 
is for ./a. 
yeah its sad. 
we should lie more. 
I'mma get downvoted to fuckin' hell for this.. 
in an activity I think you can just reference this as the context?  but I am in a class descended from Object so there is no context. 
DJones: i just want to know what i can help. 
also interesting watching php clients vs other .. and mysql vs. other.. 
~Rhyan: He abuses his power. 
I'm pretty much positive. 
i'm not a huge fan of mysql either.. 
unless it's Factions. 
don't have towny and it works. 
I just called Justin Bieber this generation's Elvis Presley.. 
but I doubt it. 
Matspet00: yup. 
nor factions. 
lol. 
how many hits/sec can you expect on most web apps on average?. 
~JonZa: I remember that. 
I need help. 
Holgrus: Who?. 
i find this color guide use full but how do i got about adding multiple colors to text instead of one solid. 
plugins list?. 
~Quinton: is guns banned btw?. 
I prefer postgres. 
~Rhyan: No. 
brain damage?. 
honden: ye. 
likewise. 
~Rhyan: He just hardly comes on. 
and no lagg.. sometimes. 
it's long. 
ffv you have some knowledge of vlan's?. 
such as &1 hi. 
That was horrible grammar. 
~Quinton: pfew. 
~Rhyan: James what are you doing?. 
oh lol. 
I need help. 
EssMib_8682,  you can do:. 
umm. 
i was working with a wordpress site that is getting 300 req/s. 
TBH, this whole dream of 'LAMP" being some awesome stack really tricks manager-types into believing it - and the technical folk get told to make it work. 
essentialschat maybe?. 
Holgrus: Who??. 
&1h&2i. 
Matspet00: i never hoped he got admin. 
markulable: Please don't ask to ask a question, simply ask the question (all on ONE line and in the channel, so that others can read and follow it easily). If anyone knows the answer they will most likely reply. :-) See also !patience. 
Matspet00: lol. 
.players. 
Online (9/30): Holgrus Matspet00 coollew3 honden ~JonZa ~Rhyan ~Melissa ~James ~Quinton. 
im not here for a grammer lesson thank you. 
uffs007, i really advise upgrading your PC, minecraft is ram intensive. 
usr13 right, skype is a gui app - how to run it more than one time with different usernames?. 
Eagleman7, what is it you are trying to achieve. 
lol wordpress. 
i need help with ubutnzu. 
He's someone who had a talent that the record execs snapped up, who gets glorified for singing songs about love and sensitivity that he didn't even write, and all the girls think he'd be the perfect boyfriend, but he's just sort of been jammed into this insane spotlight.. 
speaking of horribly designed code. 
i need help with ubuntu+. 
makepkg works fine on other distros... 
grimaldar: essentialschat doesnt split channels. 
I prefer LNPP. 
~Melissa: .... 
shitty keyboard i meant:. 
boney ty. 
Well use proper grammar and we wont need to teach you, EssMib_8682 . 
yeah. 
i need help with ubuntu. 
heh, wordpress and druplal - tend to freak out when i see clients expecting THOSE to scale.. 
ill try. 
He really is like Elvis Presley.. 
~Quinton: brb. 
sometimes I wish my mom was dead.... 
wtf. 
~Melissa: If you say that sort of things... 
Matspet00: dont!. 
just build it on the target, duh. 
minus having any talent. 
or LNPF (linux nginx postgres fastcgi). 
well for your information . 
.colors. 
how to run skype two times on the same system? any kind of "run as $user" possible?. 
.colour: http://wiki.ess3.net/mc/. 
Matspet00: rc. 
or thoes that use wordpress as a CMS. 
Matspet00: :D. 
~Melissa: Behind his back... 
Matspet00: :3. 
i was in a tping rush. 
You're not english / american?. 
sometimes..... 
RIP Alen Turing. 
_raven: sudo skype. 
GeeksOnHugs: can you pass your public class when or after you instantiate it?. 
also dont a be a no life troll. 
~Melissa: Behind him... 
orbii: I usually don't even bother telling people about it's inability to scale well, I just usually point out the frequent core security vulnerabilities. 
Actually he's really talented.. 
morsnowski i want my server to have a 84.107.***.*** address ( WAN IP Address ). 
except elvis presley could actually sing. 
He just sings awful pop crap. 
in ifconfig. 
Erm, you're the one asking for help on something I could do with my eyes closed. 
bonney12, EssMib_8682, stop with it. 
GeeksOnHugs: sry, I meant, can you pass it a String?. 
~Melissa: Im wondering then what you all say about me... 
So can Bieber.. 
i need help with ubuntu. 
~Quinton: back. 
ad your trolling. 
He just doesn't sing anything worth listening to.. 
wargh. 
auto tune sings awful pop crap. 
EssMib_8682, your answer in the link. 
coollew3: i love u dobby. 
vodik: halp. 
I can see it now, 30 years from now there'll be Bieber look-a-like conventions full of short lesbians. 
markulable where do you need help with...... 
/kb Keiran. 
like a no life loser. 
he just squeals in to auto tune. 
with ubuntu. 
bye gays.... 
12.04. 
~Quinton: LOL. 
.kick EssMib_8682 go away.. 
_raven: I wouldn't sudo skype....  But yes, you can run it as another user or check for configuration options that let you use another config option. 
Heh.. 
coollew3: :P. 
~Melissa: ;3. 
-.-. 
_raven: I wouldn't sudo skype....  But yes, you can run it as another user or check for configuration options that let you use another config directory. 
honden hit the ground too hard. 
memcached helps. 
~Rhyan: We don't say any thing about you. You dont abuse your power. 
~Melissa: Lewis is smart.. 
He's the one asking us for help,. 
but if I don't upgrade my PC.. can I play Minecraft. 
spam day or something?. 
Eagleman7, why. 
Eagleman7 : haha so far i just know wlan.. hey dont speak foup language. 
help me. 
for gods sake.. 
vodik: I cannot for the life of me get module-x11-bell to work, and you're the last person I know who brought it up. 
help me. 
yah, I could do that, but that would seem an odd way to do it, to include all the strings it might use in the constructor?. 
but its another system to manage on top of the crapola. 
synapt: i guess it depends entirely on your focus and responsibility. I couldnt give a damn about their security problems - that's their responsiblity.. 
coollew3: hey dobby what shall i put in this cage?. 
no need to troll grammar. 
Matspet00: rc. 
~Rhyan: Yes?. 
I wasn't really trolling,. 
africans http://youtu.be/hknVoAoyy-k. 
markulable: You haven't explained what your problem is yet. 
Matspet00: can i trow snoball at u. 
~Melissa: My soul.. 
I barely understood what he said. 
to be faire. 
~Rhyan: Maybe. 
xD. 
faire. 
markulable: Please give us full details. For example: "I have a problem with ..., I'm running Ubuntu version .... When I try to do ..., I get the following output: ..., but I expected it to do ...". 
fair *. 
=DDD. 
GeeksOnHugs: unless you have a ton of strings, that's a pretty normal thing to do. 
when R.string already manages it. 
here here to responsibility. 
coollew3: what soul?. 
*cough*. 
well i think ubuntu 12.04 is not compatible. 
with my pc. 
coollew3: XD. 
(I'm listening to french music, so I'm getting confused). 
honden: lol. 
Matspet00: u want some xD. 
jrib i wont sudo skype for some reasons ;) but how to run it "as-user"?. 
OK, I didn't know, that's what I needed to know. 
rereading, true. 
~Melissa: Do,.. 
sheep: ok, that's what i wanted to know. thank you.. 
_raven: you can use su - -c. 
~Melissa: I haz idea.. 
nvm. 
bindi, You're finnish? :P. 
so that tech talk on nuclear power was scary :|. 
honden: eeh. 
so say, if there were 5 or even 10 strings needed, pass them in and load them into local variables is normal?. 
yes I am. 
well i think ubuntu 12.04 is not compatible. 
with my pc. 
what if you had like 100 or something. 
~JonZa: What. 
or they do silly stuff like splitting headers into a -dev package. 
honden: may i get that iron. 
Mit� Kuuluu? :). 
what brought you to this conclusion?. 
aha, i found it. 
i'm fine :p. 
~JonZa: Just take. 
admin chat is MCMMO. 
if you're going to sell an SLA, you need to be very clear of responsiblities. 
honden: ok. 
I'm not finnish, and I know very little finnish .:P. 
morsnowski so i can devide local network and external network. 
the solution they have for all the left over material is to buy it reaallly deep in the earth. 
all right, thanks anyways. 
coollew3: lol. 
ive been playing with mezzanine.. pretty nice django blog. 
I forgot about that one. 
~Melissa: x). 
no problem, grimaldar . 
bury it*. 
~JonZa: rift here. 
have a good day. 
from her to eternity. 
cya. 
almost 6000 lines!. 
~Rhyan: :3. 
bindi, /whois bindio. 
~JonZa: Scar. 
Matspet00: :3. 
except they haven't gotten around to actually doing that yet.. 
bindi *. 
:p. 
bonney12, I might reimage this server and go back to debian. 
chrisward, okay then?. 
well what you'd usually do is have the server behind the router on your network and route the traffic as required. 
That's probably a good idea. 
what is it on now?. 
:D. 
ubuntu. 
ah. 
GeeksOnHugs: then I'd consider passing an instance of the context instead, the only problem with that is, but then you have to watch out for lifecycle issues and make sure you aren't causing memory leaks by keeping your pub object around after that Activity goes away, etc... 
we could just shoot it into the sun. 
yeah, reimage. :). 
in Japan?. 
bonney12: I see. 
ive seen all to often poor programming on the customers part with high traffic but the customer will blame the hardware which is usually our responsiblity. 
~Melissa: This is my favourite animal.ou. 
or FreeBSD. 
get rid of it permanently. 
Matspet00: oh lol. 
well i think ubuntu 12.04 is not compatible. 
with my pc. 
and im like.... sure you can add more hardware. 
Matspet00: :3. 
but I think Debian might be better. 
like port forwarding. 
directory structure is a point too though. 
yeah, that's always a fun one. 
'no its broke'. 
it was about nuclear power after the japan incident. 
coollew3: its also the deadliest. 
bindi: :). 
not afaik. 
markulable with what of ur computer is it malfunction?. 
not just in japan. 
~Melissa: Uhu... 
coollew3: X3. 
no ur getting 300 req/s .... 
and you have to debug THEIR application to prove it's THEIR fault. 
~Melissa: Dont feed.. 
But thats not what i want to achieve. 
yep yep ype. 
if you want it on the wan you'd have to physically or at least logically place it there, but i doubt that openwrt is going to allow that. 
since our pkgbuilds do /usr and not /usr/local. 
~Melissa: Or u want to loose a finger.. 
wasn't America hollowing out mountains or something. 
Ohman. 
http://i.imgur.com/FNcZC.jpg. 
]but i never provide answer... just system stats. 
but - we have a thing where if we find it's their fault, we charge them for our time ;). 
That's kinda awesome. 
Matspet00 was shot by rcs10. 
Matspet00: :3. 
sure. 
so he'd have to adjust that path too. 
~Rhyan: Lol I wasnt even aiming. 
and letting us dump our nuclear waste in their mountains?. 
does the livemap plugin not work?. 
yeah, but they abandoned that site recently. 
Matspet00: tp back?. 
Nice. 
just id rather play l4d when im at the data center. 
~Rhyan: You just walked into that :3. 
ahh balls. 
jrib will this run skype as user $user or as root? i WILL NOT run it as root!. 
ok right on. 
_raven: you need to pass the user.... 
~Quinton: lol?. 
_raven: in more detail: su - -c COMMAND USER. 
so now its just back to burying the waste? doesn't sound like any progress has been made on the problem at all. 
gotta love unlimited bandwidth :). 
i think its derping with multiworld and stuff, and i never got it to work :P not even on localhost. 
Matspet00: what a  pro. 
coollew3: yeah :P. 
Matspet00: xD. 
which one btw?   LiveMap, dynmap or ?. 
morsnowski i've been told that thats where vlan kicks in. 
but it's cool too to pass a context around so long as your careful about considering objecct life cycle and memory?. 
O.o. 
cool. 
whenever I add a permission to another group. 
It reverts to default again. 
when i start server. 
Buffer Playback.... 
also. 
so yeah, if you op urself you should have like all of them. 
then stop it. 
I have essentials mind you. 
how are you going about editing the permssions?. 
file or command?. 
more like copy paste premade one in file. 
oh ye. 
... 
I still know half of its code.. 
how dare they. 
so no solution?. 
And they went and updated everything.. 
... 
I got busy.. 
But then.... 
I used to know most of the code of Heroes,. 
hm... 
i never used it. 
and i'm not qualified to test heroes. 
oh... 
busy with other stuff. 
will open test server. 
nope. 
AkaTenSi still havent heard your problem. 
Buffer Playback.... 
how about you come to my server and check it?. 
Playback Complete.. 
CraftBukkit: feildmaster master * rcda17db / (2 files in 2 dirs): Trigger EntityBlockChangeEvent for Silverfish. Adds BUKKIT-1560 and BUKKIT-1593 - http://git.io/1nuoAQ. 
CraftBukkit: feildmaster master * rd08909c / src/main/java/net/minecraft/server/EntitySilverfish.java : Added EntitySilverfish for diff visibility - http://git.io/7lFVAA. 
how do i configure custom nodes in custom_nodes.yml? I haven't been able to find a sample.... 
bperms. 
Well , What plugin?. 
xD *here?. 
any ppl that know a lot about the plugin herE?. 
np. 
oh ok. 
m off sorry I couldnt help your problem but thanks for helping mine. 
omg I found your post on bukkitdev. 
i am trying to figure out the custom nodes and how they are supposed to be formatted. 
I fix. 
. 
s your problem. 
www.pastebin.com. 
/ERWF2WbF. 
d add a space between -essentials.blah. 
if it isn't that could cause your configs to regen, but mhmm, well you need to make sure that it is in the right format. maybe trmost of the times when i get ane xception in URLClassLoader it means the jar was updated but not closed before updating.. 
ssnotfound and the normal (shorter). 
. i tis a bit familiar tho. 
Anyone here familiar with namecheap?. 
.tell Babble Ever thought about the possibility that the class doesn't exist?. 
l4mRh4X0r: I'll pass that along.. 
and it says class does not exist and when you do reloadplugin blabla just plugin doesn't exist. 
Hello. 
kk. 
Actually no I do have a question, can I make it redirect to an ip with a port?. 
Puff, yes. 
Yeah I was wondering how to go about the whole mc.URL.com redirecting to a server, figured it out though :p. 
Shadow386 you still there?. 
Yes and no, I think. You'd have to set up correct redirects via the server. 
my head has been hurting all day, so sorry cant help much. 
it's fine, i don't rlly get this anyway it's a try/fail try again process.. 
my expertise most certainly do not lie in web servers or any kind of hosting for that matter. 
I'm on for once!. 
;3. 
Le derp.. 
Not sure if it successfully identified me or not.. 
is there any Working livemap for CanaryMod at the moment?. 
lol. 
\o/. 
Derp?. 
erm. 
not afaik. 
does the livemap plugin not work?. 
i think its derping with multiworld and stuff, and i never got it to work :P not even on localhost. 
which one btw?   LiveMap, dynmap or ?. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
you're funny Zai|Gaming. 
<3. 
shit. 
an assassin. 
Hello, when I try to log into my bouncer I am getting this error, "Aborting connection, another user is currently connecting and using the ident spoof file". 
I use dynmap on bukkit. 
Queued for what?. 
What server?. 
oh wait. 
probably us. 
lol.. 
or is that freebnc tunneling ipv6 o.O. 
herp.... 
Kamal: it's always had it. 
"Identfile error? Wait. You're queued.". 
?oidentd. 
RyanKnack: Current .oidentd.conf content: global { reply "Leonid" }. 
Yep, us. 
lol. 
Is it server wide?. 
?oidentd. 
RyanKnack: Current .oidentd.conf content: empty. 
sooo many people using ipv6. 
If there's any Frenchie people I'd need some informations since I'm going there in a week :D. 
ah! ah! THE MEAT!! THE HORRIBLE MEAT^%percent!$%percent!!!^*%percent*@$. 
ty. 
ChauffeR so freebnc now has ipv6?. 
?. 
<*status> Cannot connect to IRC (Cannot assign requested address (Is your IRC server's host name and ZNC bind host valid?)). Retrying.... 
and keeps saying that. 
 /msg *status setbindhost 0.0.0.0. 
"yay". 
I think it's starting to work.. 
Kamal, fu. 
you don't set bindhost to 0.0.0.0 ;>. 
the "correct" way is clearbindhost. 
Playback Complete.. 
but not on all servers. 
Zimsky but tunneled right?. 
http://pastebin.com/kNunyVFE. 
wrong channel. 
tunneled?. 
IIRC only one server is tunneled. 
i don't know, probably ie. 
and listen to dis http://youtubedoubler.com/?video1=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3Dg34B-YOaC7c&start1=0&video2=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DA67GQgoiinM&start2=3&authorName=OMAIGASHHHHHHH. 
:3. 
hey, my bnc isnt working (ie.freebnc.net). 
define not working. 
erm it says Attempting to connect to .... 
oh, it's _303.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
He just sings awful pop crap. 
So can Bieber.. 
He just doesn't sing anything worth listening to.. 
auto tune sings awful pop crap. 
I can see it now, 30 years from now there'll be Bieber look-a-like conventions full of short lesbians. 
/kb Keiran. 
he just squeals in to auto tune. 
Heh.. 
africans http://youtu.be/hknVoAoyy-k. 
so that tech talk on nuclear power was scary :|. 
the solution they have for all the left over material is to buy it reaallly deep in the earth. 
bury it*. 
except they haven't gotten around to actually doing that yet.. 
it was about nuclear power after the japan incident. 
not just in japan. 
wasn't America hollowing out mountains or something. 
Ohman. 
I mean god damn would you look at that chinese shovel. 
I'mma get downvoted to fuckin' hell for this.. 
I just called Justin Bieber this generation's Elvis Presley.. 
brain damage?. 
He's someone who had a talent that the record execs snapped up, who gets glorified for singing songs about love and sensitivity that he didn't even write, and all the girls think he'd be the perfect boyfriend, but he's just sort of been jammed into this insane spotlight.. 
He really is like Elvis Presley.. 
minus having any talent. 
Actually he's really talented.. 
except elvis presley could actually sing. 
http://i.imgur.com/FNcZC.jpg. 
That's kinda awesome. 
and letting us dump our nuclear waste in their mountains?. 
yeah, but they abandoned that site recently. 
ahh balls. 
we could just shoot it into the sun. 
in Japan?. 
get rid of it permanently. 
so now its just back to burying the waste? doesn't sound like any progress has been made on the problem at all. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlSFenzYOvQ&feature=related. 
so currently most of the left over radioactive shit is still at the plants it was created at :| including the ones which have been shut down already, it's still there. 
the plants themselves do a good job of fucking up the nearby water life as well. 
do they?. 
or do you mean after an accident. 
yeah they've gotta constantly suck in large amounts of water, and then spit it back out again to cool the reactors. 
ah. 
altho when they spit it back out the water is super heated. 
plus the massive intake turbines collect up sea turtles etc. 
its been doing a number on our east coast. 
reefs and such. 
.. and turn them into teenage mutant ninja turtles. 
fuck yeah TMNT. 
TIL the voice of cartoon shredder is a black dude. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
will they get for me ?. 
all they let you is insert a ticket, grim. 
which never gets answered. 
They'll try find the purchase to see if it went through, and if it did go through, they'll activate your account. 
Necrodoom they do answer. 
It just can take up to 48 hours. 
and if it didnt. 
Grim_Reaper: counting 2 weeks and up. 
If it didn't go through, you can try buy it again and see if the payment works this time. 
Necrodoom what was your issue?. 
^. 
ill tell my dad  if it went thru. 
Necrodoom perhaps send Marc_IRL a message when he's on here later. 
never seen him on #Minecrafthel. 
Necrodoom, i believe they answer account issues first. 
Necrodoom recently he's been coming on here. 
youknowme then I suggest going to http://help.mojang.com and sending them an email about it. 
because it said purchase succecful. 
hatsameguy: can you explain your problem?. 
just need a bug test done.. 
nah bro. 
Hobbits|away, no, why?. 
bonney12: you hosting a server atm?. 
with an *? explain. 
a right. 
 someone doesnt help any one. 
2. 
uffs007, i really advise upgrading your PC, minecr~Rhyan: :3 Joking sure. 
arse your sentence doesnt mean you should start insulting. 
not werry good. 
xdiag. 
ss the Win+R keys, and type "dxdiag" (no quotesyouknowme,  yes. 
: Nah. 
 about verifying WHQL, select Yes. Once it has finished loading, click the "Save All Information" button and save it to your desktop.. 
Matspet0after I press Log In it will load, but after that. 
ll use it on paypal. 
 2012 (12 hours, 35 minutes, 43 seconds ago). 
ut I think Debian might be better. 
or FreeBSD. 
bonney12: I see. 
yeah, reimage. :). 
ah. 
ubuntu. 
what is it on now?. 
That's probably a good idea. 
chrisward, okay then?. 
bonney12, I might reimage this server and go back to debian. 
Buffer Playback.... 
honden: bye. 
. 
Buffer Playback.... 
by with an * i ment when it doesnt show up as <namehere> hi. 
yes sir thats it. 
hobbits ha it. 
has**. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
so I made another with a 1. 
liol. 
its a sub. 
~Melissa: Was het leuk op kamp?. 
ok. 
chrisward, okie. 
:P. 
(you'll need to set user permissions, remember that. 
as in they nab that username. 
each page takes 10 seconds to load tha basic parts. 
* & now the page crahed on me. 
EsperBot isn't gonna use it. 
.players. 
The thing is bein slow. 
wait. 
my bad. 
what username do you want. 
erm. 
I thaught this was the #rymate channel. 
~Melissa: xD. 
!flags james00000001 . 
 trollhunter: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
lol. 
/puu.sh/AhVN. 
ken english, and I'm suspicious of the +0.01F being necessary at all. 
that's my job.. 
ke tBUKKIT-1560 ("Silverfish call EntityChangeBlockEvent") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/Igq1V. 
 watchers). 
f instead of my objec 
urn a result to the activity which then raises the exception?. 
GeeksOnHugs: you could, for example, pass it into your constructore, init all your strings, and just never store it, and you'd have no problems. 
ard>: ./me. 
spoutcraft launcher modifying ?. 
n openwrt onto it  :). 
Buffer Playback.... 
also. 
Interface. 
whenever I add a permission to another group. 
I have essentials mind you. 
more like copy paste premade one in file. 
when i start server. 
again. 
hmm, well you need to make sure that it is in the right format. 
ly cause a parsing error. 
 the group file looks like afterword?. 
cool. 
 is. 
I needed to delete one space and add a space between -essentials.blah. 
file or command?. 
how are you going about editing the permssions?. 
whats that pokemons name. 
lol. 
then stop it. 
so yeah, if you op urself you should have like all of them. 
www.pastebin.com. 
ers. 
who changes api and uses?. 
thats what i copied. 
g format. 
thankyou. 
now what was your problem. 
kitdev. 
nodes and how they are supposed to be formatted. 
any ppl that know a lot about the plugin herE?. 
np. 
xD *here?. 
Well , What plugin?. 
bperms. 
how do i configure custom nodes in custom_nodes.yml? I haven't been able to find a sample.... 
i never used it. 
hm... 
But then.... 
I used to know most of the code of Heroes,. 
I got busy.. 
... 
And they went and updated everything.. 
I still know half of its code.. 
oh his name is actually rioulu. 
how dare they. 
so no solution?. 
riolu*. 
sorry. 
ya. 
well I am off sorry I couldnt help your problem but thanks for helping mine. 
CraftBukkit: feildmaster master * rd08909c / src/main/java/net/minecraft/server/EntitySilverfish.java : Added EntitySilverfish for diff visibility - http://git.io/7lFVAA. 
CraftBukkit: feildmaster master * rcda17db / (2 files in 2 dirs): Trigger EntityBlockChangeEvent for Silverfish. Adds BUKKIT-1560 and BUKKIT-1593 - http://git.io/1nuoAQ. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
how about you come to my server and check it?. 
nope. 
will open test server. 
busy with other stuff. 
oh... 
and i'm not qualified to test heroes. 
level remains. 
Checked if your experience bar is the same?. 
NodinChan. 
Because you did the first reload from the GUI. 
and second from in-game. 
lol but why 2 other errors?. 
???. 
and it says class does not exist and when you do reloadplugin blabla just plugin doesn't exist. 
Hello. 
.tell Babble Ever thought about the possibility that the class doesn't exist?. 
Anyone here familiar with namecheap?. 
l4mRh4X0r: I'll pass that along.. 
i mean xp. 
yes it is. 
Either Enchant's code is broken, or the experience update of Bukkit is broken.. 
when i tried it with spout plugin. 
it worked so,. 
Puff, yes. 
Yeah I was wondering how to go about the whole mc.URL.com redirecting to a server, figured it out though :p. 
kk. 
Actually no I do have a question, can I make it redirect to an ip with a port?. 
i want to change hereos api but it's now allowed right?. 
huh. 
i heard about it from some other people. 
AkaTenSi still havent heard your problem. 
oh ye. 
problem is. 
when i do enachant. 
Should be something wrong with Enchant's code.. 
Derp?. 
6 you still there?. 
Yes and no, I think. You'd have to set up correct redirects via the server. 
can you come to my server and. 
check it for me?. 
Not home.. 
oh... 
changing an API that's used by dozens of people?. 
well you can do that, but that'll break plugins :D. 
ye.... 
so in other words: bad idea and i dont even see how you got that idea.... 
better ask #heroes. 
no answer form them at all now. 
wait longer. 
ask again in 10 minutes or something. 
waited 3hours.. 
maybe try their forum then?. 
ok.... 
will try. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
it's fine, i don't rlly get this anyway it's a try/fail try again process.. 
my expertise most certainly do not lie in web servers or any kind of hosting for that matter. 
I'm on for once!. 
Le derp.. 
;3. 
oh sure. 
wait. 
is it recode or crow?. 
b10 ;). 
oh. 
well, send it anyways. 
lol now its just a classnotfound error. 
but i send to you the crazy classnotfound and the normal (shorter). 
http://pastebin.com/UecSgah0. 
i can look at it. but i dont know much about old canary plugin system. i tis a bit familiar tho. 
most of the times when i get ane xception in URLClassLoader it means the jar was updated but not closed before updating.. 
Babble, the class just isn't there.. 
What are you using to develop?. 
(inb4 "Java"). 
in byte 4. 
Jos- why is the first error longer than the second. 
or l4mRh4x0r. 
Not sure if it successfully identified me or not.. 
is there any Working livemap for CanaryMod at the moment?. 
lol. 
not afaik. 
does the livemap plugin not work?. 
i think its derping with multiworld and stuff, and i never got it to work :P not even on localhost. 
hmm, could try to port it :3. 
which one btw?   LiveMap, dynmap or ?. 
idk. 
I use dynmap on bukkit. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
an assassin. 
"Identfile error? Wait. You're queued.". 
Hello, when I try to log into my bouncer I am getting this error, "Aborting connection, another user is currently connecting and using the ident spoof file". 
Queued for what?. 
What server?. 
oh wait. 
probably us. 
lol.. 
?oidentd. 
RyanKnack: Current .oidentd.conf content: global { reply "Leonid" }. 
Yep, us. 
Is it server wide?. 
?oidentd. 
RyanKnack: Current .oidentd.conf content: empty. 
sooo many people using ipv6. 
or is that freebnc tunneling ipv6 o.O. 
If there's any Frenchie people I'd need some informations since I'm going there in a week :D. 
ChauffeR so freebnc now has ipv6?. 
herp.... 
Kamal: it's always had it. 
lol. 
but not on all servers. 
Zimsky but tunneled right?. 
ah! ah! THE MEAT!! THE HORRIBLE MEAT^%percent!$%percent!!!^*%percent*@$. 
wrong channel. 
tunneled?. 
bin.com/kNunyVFE. 
IIRC only one server is tunneled. 
i don't know, probably ie. 
:3. 
isten to dis http://youtubedoubler.com/?video1=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3Dg34B-YOaC7c&start1=0&video2=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DA67GQgoiinM&start2=3&authorName=OMAIGASHHHHHHH. 
hey, my bnc isnt working (ie.freebnc.net). 
define not working. 
erm it says Attempting to connect to .... 
<*status> Cannot connect to IRC (Cannot assign requested address (Is your IRC server's host name and ZNC bind host valid?)). Retrying.... 
and keeps saying that. 
 /msg *status setbindhost 0.0.0.0. 
oh, it's _303.. 
you don't set bindhost to 0.0.0.0 ;>. 
"yay". 
I think it's starting to work.. 
Kamal, fu. 
the "correct" way is clearbindhost. 
GUIpsp I saw that in the topic of znc's official channel. 
mkay. 
Playback Complete.. 
essing with you. 
Buffer Playback.... 
he just squeals in to auto tune. 
Heh.. 
africans http://youtu.be/hknVoAoyy-k. 
so that tech talk on nuclear power was scary :|. 
the solution they have for all the left over material is to buy it reaallly deep in the earth. 
bury it*. 
except they haven't gotten around to actually doing that yet.. 
we could just shoot it into the sun. 
in Japan?. 
get rid of it permanently. 
it was about nuclear power after the japan incident. 
not just in japan. 
wasn't America hollowing out mountains or something. 
Ohman. 
http://i.imgur.com/FNcZC.jpg. 
That's kinda awesome. 
and letting us dump our nuclear waste in their mountains?. 
yeah, but they abandoned that site recently. 
ahh balls. 
so now its just back to burying the waste? doesn't sound like any progress has been made on the problem at all. 
truckers are pretty great. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlSFenzYOvQ&feature=related. 
so currently most of the left over radioactive shit is still at the plants it was created at :| including the ones which have been shut down already, it's still there. 
the plants themselves do a good job of fucking up the nearby water life as well. 
do they?. 
or do you mean after an accident. 
yeah they've gotta constantly suck in large amounts of water, and then spit it back out again to cool the reactors. 
ah. 
altho when they spit it back out the water is super heated. 
plus the massive intake turbines collect up sea turtles etc. 
its been doing a number on our east coast. 
reefs and such. 
.. and turn them into teenage mutant ninja turtles. 
fuck yeah TMNT. 
TIL the voice of cartoon shredder is a black dude. 
Oh no! Not the document destroyer!. 
nothing to watch. 
thrones is over :(. 
hm. 
Cain seems like generally the best character. 
SecretAgentMan: same. 
I hadn't seen much Futurama, so I downloaded a season. 
all the cool shit starts again toward the end of the year :|. 
row. 
except house. RIP. 
house is finished is it?. 
yeah. 
8 seasons is a good run. 
he was in a pretty bad way by the season I reached. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
will they get for me ?. 
all they let you is insert a ticket, grim. 
which never gets answered. 
They'll try find the purchase to see if it went through, and if it did go through, they'll activate your account. 
Necrodoom they do answer. 
It just can take up to 48 hours. 
and if it didnt. 
Grim_Reaper: counting 2 weeks and up. 
If it didn't go through, you can try buy it again and see if the payment works this time. 
Necrodoom what was your issue?. 
Necrodoom, i believe they answer account issues first. 
^. 
ill tell my dad  if it went thru. 
Necrodoom perhaps send Marc_IRL a message when he's on here later. 
never seen him on #Minecrafthel. 
because it said purchase succecful. 
Necrodooyouknowme then I suggest going to http://help.mojang.com and sending them an email about it. 
-NickServ- Information on Marc_IRL -NickServ- Last seen  : Jun 22 16:58:20 2012 (12 hours, 35 minutes, 43 seconds ago). 
ok so tell even if the card is bloccked i can still use it on paypal. 
hi. 
hey. 
I have a problem whit minecraft. 
whats the problem?. 
ok so tell me even if the card is bloccked i can still use it on paypal. 
youknowme,  yes. 
kk. 
 ill try. 
after I press Log In it will load, but after that. 
Black Screen. 
uffs007, do you see the mojang logo?. 
Have you tried force updating?. 
jes. 
java is 7,5. 
what version of java do you have? and what is your PC specs?. 
and PC specs?. 
not werry good. 
??> uffs007 win/dxdiag. 
uffs007: (win/dxdiag) Press the Win+R keys, and type "dxdiag" (no quotes) in the box. Press enter. If prompted about verifying WHQL, select Yes. Once it has finished loading, click the "Save All Information" button and save it to your desktop.. 
uffs007: (win/dxdiag) Open the file you just saved, and copy the contents. Paste them on http://pastebin.com/ and click Submit. Then, copy the link in your browser's address bar and paste it into the IRC channel.. 
http://pastebin.com/ykBt9ZK6. 
but 2 month's ago I play Minecraft. 
and now it won't work. 
uffs007, 1gb or ram is not sufficient to run minecraft on, even if you could run it 1gb of ram can't have been nice. 
uffs007, i really advise upgrading your PC, minecraft is ram intensive. 
and no lagg.. sometimes. 
but if I don't upgrade my PC.. can I play Minecraft. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
~Rhyan: Done. 
Matspet00: think. 
Matspet00: ty!. 
~Melissa: ;3. 
 
 
Matspet00: i got to much shit on me. 
~Melissa: Ik heb ook hekel aan beesten.. 
~Rhyan: Put it in a chest then. 
~Melissa: Lopen ook.. 
honden: lol. 
~Melissa: Heb je een kamptrauma?. 
~Rhyan: Well ima go for a while cya. 
 
~Melissa: Maar kamp op zich niet zo erg.. 
coollew3: cya. 
honden: bye. 
* Melissa FUUU. 
Matspet00: noo. 
* atspet00 fuuu. 
~Melissa: ?. 
 
 
sa: 
Matspet00: think im going to make a village thing. 
 
honden: jonza can you make a creeper farm. 
 
~JonZa: I cant. 
honden: o. 
~JonZa: Mine?. 
 
building a zoo. 
honden: well can you make a mine. 
honden: yeah. 
~JonZa: like for mining?. 
erz connected]. 
~JonZa: :D. 
honden: with a cave. 
~JonZa: Coal,if you need. 
honden: ok. 
 
Playerz: can i live wif someone?. 
 
Matspet00: am makeing a village thing. 
 
Buffer Playback.... 
2. 
umm. 
with an *? explain. 
making fun of someone doesnt help any one. 
ok 1. 
./me. 
two wrongs dont make a right. 
bonney12: you hosting a server atm?. 
guess were all dicks. 
soo. 
nah bro. 
just need a bug test done.. 
Hobbits|away, no, why?. 
Hobbits|away, sorry :/. 
thatsameguy: can you explain your problem?. 
chrisward, okie. 
Hobbits|away, *puts hand up*. 
hobbits ha it. 
by with an * i ment when it doesnt show up as <namehere> hi. 
yes sir thats it. 
has**. 
no so its like an action like Hobbits|away  said. 
thatsameguy: you mean you dont see the playername?. 
<chrisward>: ./me. 
You can't. 
but without my name?. 
ie seen it done . 
I don't think. 
ive**. 
"I've seen it done". 
oh, I hate that. 
It doesn't help us,. 
bonney12: .. 
erm.... 
thatsameguy: either its a broadcast or a console message. 
excuse my bad grammer i have a bone disorder cant move hands well. 
broadcasts tend to have before them. 
no its not that as they are regular players in the server. 
and not staff. 
doesnt sound like a plugin will do it. 
well yeah, but nick doesn't make the name disappear, does it?. 
unless you mean /nick. 
well its already on the server i just dont know how to do it and every one trolls now adayso its always press alt f10. 
bonney12: unless you change your nick to a dot and your texture pack hides it. 
hmm yeah, I guess so. 
thatsameguy: is your server on offline mode?. 
no its not its up now with many users but. 
the guy who was able to do it left already. 
so i came here to find out. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
so I made another with a 1. 
liol. 
its a sub. 
ok. 
james00000001, you do realise if someone joins, they won't find out. 
I know. 
I just do not want anyone to talk as me in the server chat. 
The thing is bein slow. 
what username do you want. 
. erm. 
rymate12345?. 
(you'll need to set user permissions, remember that. 
:P. 
each page takes 10 seconds to load tha basic parts. 
:(. 
The CP is a bit slow. 
rymate. 
. 
password...?. 
I PM'd it to you. 
are you aware that the server is out of date? :P. 
The latest. 
oh james00000001 . 
apparently your craftbukkit needs updating. 
I am on RB3. 
O_o. 
Why is MPServ being such an annoying thing right now?. 
It took half a min for the console to say "pong" after i tped "ping" into it. 
& not . 
* & now the page crahed on me. 
.players. 
Yo rymate, when you get this you should know that your IRC has been disconnected from ur server. 
my bad. 
I thaught this was the #rymate channel. 
!flags EsperBot . 
Its te zx7 channel. 
lol. 
!flags james00000001 . 
!flags +q $~a. 
SPLIT. 
lol. 
mesPlayback Complete.. 
look at mah site http://rymate.co.uk/. 
Buffer Playback.... 
yeah sometimes they're quite neat. 
I'm absolutely stumped on the very last puzzle. 
How do i work Spoutcraft. 
?. 
its not opening for me. 
exe is your on linux. 
http://get.spout.org/exe. 
Finally got the last puzzle. 
idk what to do :(.the .exe doesn't work?. 
What is it doing Creeper1320?. 
I have AVG. 
is that whats preventing it?. 
it doesnt open. 
If none of it opens, then you have security software blocking it. 
ok. 
Yes. 
how i close out of it. 
http://www.spout.org/threads/using-avg-and-cant-start-or-play-spoutcraft.989/. 
Hmm... Can you use the jar version instead of the exe version on Windows too?. 
Well um... does an antivirus block a .jar fromok i disable it. 
Considering the file you download from get.spout.org has no feedback, yes MWisBest :P. 
It downloads the latest launcher, but if the antivirus blocks the download, nothing to see, no launcher to start. 
Asphodan, ping. 
anyone else having problems with PaintedStone?. 
Morning, all.. 
AgentK, :D. 
did u test manabags and backpack on the same server?. 
no I haven't tried backpacks yet. 
I wanted to know if they were compatible. 
I wouldnt see why not.. 
hello. 
well they perform the same kind of role, I didn't know if having multiple inventory-enhancing plugins would cause problems. 
heya. 
"Backing up 2,416,695 items". 
"38KB of 427.3GB - About 176,900 days". 
hi. 
El fook?. 
short question .... whats the names of numpad hotkeys ?. 
ng ?. 
? It mentions something about an "inverse" and the cause being unknown in very broken english, and I'm suspicious of the +0.01F being necessary at all. 
Buffer Playback.... 
hai nub. 
hai. 
chrizc, needs an MOTD. 
 now, no point lol. 
'lo Shadow386. 
chrizc, I need you. 
<3. 
so yeah, Shadow386. 
pushed a commit last night. 
ahaha. 
congrats, kinda busy. 
finally at a stage in my work where I feel comfortable enough to dedicate time to DEV. 
:3. 
okedoke. 
he's a head honcho at adanac. 
lol. 
chrizc, what does Shadow do again?. 
oh lol. 
that's my job.. 
probably adanac's version of mollstam coupled with jahkob. 
maybe he could make the multiplayer server for DEV!. 
no.. 
lol. 
:O. 
Playback Complete.. 
ok. 
http://puu.sh/AhVN. 
new portal newportal created and selected. 
multiverse does not know how to take you to newportal. 
Buffer Playback.... 
multiverse does not know how to take you to world:flat. 
<Misan>Property Dest of Portal newportal was NOT set to w:flat. 
<Misan>multiverse does not know how to take you to w:flat. 
<Misan>Multiverse could not find the destination w:flat. 
<Misan>Multiverse could not find the destination world:flat. 
<Misan>Property Dest of Portal newportal was NOT set to world:flat. 
?. 
mvp w:flat does not work. 
/mvtp. 
mvtp. 
yes I am OP and server owner @ toasten. 
or towny?. 
has loaded. 
u sure to have the permissions?. 
thanks. 
wait. 
Necrodoom: some shop one, im guessing. 
i wonder which plugin has the biggest item names database. 
theres a plugin that lets you add/remove arbitrary item names. 
hintss: found a plugin with 3.7K item name aliases. 
lol. 
misan, so there isnt a world named "flat" loaded. 
how do I load it?. 
u sure to have created it?. 
I was on it before I deleted that portal to test mv on my own. 
to learn how to use it. 
then use mv import. 
ok thanks :>. 
hi Misan :P. 
hi. 
<Necrodoom> hintss: found a plugin with 3.7K item name aliases. 
there needs to be a convention for item name aliases. 
"woodpick"' > unknown "wood_pick" > unknown > "wooden_pickaxe" > unknown.... 
indeed. 
feildmaster pushed 2 new commits to master: http://git.io/N_bBVg. 
Added EntitySilverfish for diff visibility - feildmaster. 
Trigger EntityBlockChangeEvent for Silverfish. Adds BUKKIT-1560 and BUKKIT-1593 - feildmaster. 
BUKKIT-1560: http://goo.gl/Igq1V - "Silverfish call EntityChangeBlockEvent" - Open, last updated about 1 month ago (with 3 votes and 2 watchers). 
.... 
what was it?. 
world - normal and world_the_end - the end. 
hintss: essentials. 
yes. 
BUKKIT-1560 ("Silverfish call EntityChangeBlockEvent") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/Igq1V. 
BUKKIT-1593: http://goo.gl/kQMWG - "Silverfish enter block event" - Open, last updated about 1 month ago (with 2 comments and 2 watchers). 
I wonder what the pricing on buycraft is.. 
Playback Complete.. 
0: want to live there?. 
online-mode" true, or false?. 
tatus changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/kQMWG. 
CORNFLASSKES. 
alright.. 
Playerz: can i ake wif you?. 
~James: SPAM. 
at this moment, I don't think encryption protocols on the router has anything to do with anything. 
oh man shit i wouldnt know honestly . 
coollew3: omg. 
and it's not *freeing* the object, it is *disposing* the object.. 
ok. 
Buffer Playback.... 
also. 
so yeah, if you op urself you should have like all of them. 
whenever I add a permission to another group. 
when i start server. 
cool. 
It reverts to default again. 
file or command?. 
then stop it. 
how are you going about editing the permssions?. 
more like copy paste premade one in file. 
I have essentials mind you. 
if it isn't that could cause your configs to regen, but more likely cause a parsing error. 
it is. 
l you need to make sure that it is in the right format. 
can you make a pastebin of exactly what you are pasting into the files? or even better, what the group file looks like afterword?. 
www.pastebin.com. 
ok. 
wI am noob at computers. 
oh ok. 
http://pastebin.com/ERWF2WbF. 
there. 
thats what i copied. 
your right it was wrong format. 
I needed to delete one space and add a space between -essentials.blah. 
yeah it is. 
I fix. 
thankyou. 
i am trying to figure out the custom nodes and how they are supposed to be formatted. 
now what was your problem. 
lol. 
oh ok. 
omg I found your post on bukkitdev. 
np. 
any ppl that know a lot about the plugin herE?. 
xD *here?. 
Well , What plugin?. 
lol. 
whats that pokemons name. 
Riolu. 
how do i configure custom nodes in custom_nodes.yml? I haven't been able to find a sample.... 
CraftBukkit: feildmaster master * rd08909c / src/main/java/net/minecraft/server/EntitySilverfish.java : Added EntitySilverfish for diff visibility - http://git.io/7lFVAA. 
oh his name is actually rioulu. 
riolu*. 
sorry. 
ya. 
well I am off sorry I couldnt help your problem but thanks for helping mine. 
CraftBukkit: feildmaster master * rcda17db / (2 files in 2 dirs): Trigger EntityBlockChangeEvent for Silverfish. Adds BUKKIT-1560 and BUKKIT-1593 - http://git.io/1nuoAQ. 
Playback Complete.. 
bperms. 
how about you come to my server and check it?. 
Buffer Playback.... 
nope. 
busy with other stuff. 
and i'm not qualified to test heroes. 
oh... 
i never used it. 
hm... 
I got busy.. 
I used to know most of the code of Heroes,. 
But then.... 
... 
so no solution?. 
And they went and updated everything.. 
how dare they. 
I still know half of its code.. 
... 
AkaTenSi still havent heard your problem. 
oh ye. 
problem is. 
when i do enachant. 
level remains. 
i mean xp. 
Checked if your experience bar is the same?. 
NodinChan. 
yes it is. 
Should be something wrong with Enchant's code.. 
can you come to my server and. 
Not home.. 
oh... 
t for me?. 
Either Enchant's code is broken, or the experience update of Bukkit is broken.. 
i want to change hereos api but it's now allowed right?. 
when i tried it with spout plugin. 
it worked so,. 
huh. 
changing an API that's used by dozens of people?. 
well you can do that, but that'll break plugins :D. 
ye.... 
so in other words: bad idea and i dont even see how you got that idea.... 
i heard about it from some other people. 
and there is some people who changes api and uses?. 
better ask #heroes. 
no answer form them at all now. 
wait longer. 
ask again in 10 minutes or something. 
waited 3hours.. 
maybe try their forum then?. 
ok.... 
Playback Complete.. 
will try. 
Buffer Playback.... 
is it recode or crow?. 
oh sure. 
wait. 
b10 ;). 
well, send it anyways. 
lol now its just a classnotfound error. 
oh. 
but i send to you the crazy classnotfound and the normal (shorter). 
i can look at it. but i dont know much about old canary plugin system. i tis a bit familiar tho. 
http://pastebin.com/UecSgah0. 
most of the times when i get ane xception in URLClassLoader it means the jar was updated but not closed before updating.. 
Babble, the class just isn't there.. 
What are you using to develop?. 
(inb4 "Java"). 
in byte 4. 
Jos- why is the first error longer than the second. 
or l4mRh4x0r. 
Because you did the first reload from the GUI. 
and second from in-game. 
lol but why 2 other errors?. 
???. 
Hello. 
and it says class does not exist and when you do reloadplugin blabla just plugin doesn't exist. 
Puff, yes. 
Yeah I was wondering how to go about the whole mc.URL.com redirecting to a server, figured it out though :p. 
kk. 
Actually no I do have a question, can I make it redirect to an ip with a port?. 
Shadow386 you still there?. 
erm. 
Derp?. 
.tell Babble Ever thought about the possibility that the class doesn't exist?. 
l4mRh4X0r: I'll pass that along.. 
Anyone here familiar with namecheap?. 
Yes and no, I think. You'd have to set up correct redirects via the server. 
my head has been hurting all day, so sorry cant help much. 
I'm on for once!. 
;3. 
pertise most certainly do not lie in web servers or any kind of hosting Le derp.. 
is there any Working livemap for CanaryMod at the moment?. 
lol. 
re if it successfully identified me or not.. 
not afaik. 
does the livemap plugin not work?. 
Playback Complete.. 
 try to port it :3. 
p or ?. 
stuff, and i never got it to work :P not even on localhost. 
Buffer Playback.... 
Hello, when I try to log into my bouncer I am getting this error, "Aborting connection, another user is currently connecting and using the ident spoof file". 
"Identfile error? Wait. You're queued.". 
Queued for what?. 
What server?. 
oh wait. 
probably us. 
lol.. 
?oidentd. 
RyanKnack: Current .oidentd.conf content: global { reply "Leonid" }. 
Yep, us. 
Is it server wide?. 
?oidentd. 
RyanKnack: Current .oidentd.conf content: empty. 
sooo many people using ipv6. 
or is that freebnc tunneling ipv6 o.O. 
If there's any Frenchie people I'd need some informations since I'm going there in a week :D. 
ChauffeR so freebnc now has ipv6?. 
Kamal: it'lol. 
t on all servers. 
Zimsky but tunneled right?. 
ah! ah! THE MEAT!! THE HORRIBLE MEAT^%percent!$%percent!!!^*%percent*@$. 
http://pastebin.com/kNunyVFE. 
wrong channel. 
i don't know, probably ie. 
only one server is tunneled. 
and listen to dis http://youtubedoubler.com/?video1=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3Dg34B-YOaC7c&start1=0&video2=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DA67GQgoiinM&start2=3&authorName=OMAIGASHHHHHHH. 
:3. 
hey, my bnc isnt working (ie.freebnc.net). 
define not working. 
?. 
erm it says Attempting to connect to .... 
<*status> Cannot connect to IRC (Cannot assign requested address (Is your IRC server's host name and ZNC bind host valid?)). Retrying.... 
and keeps saying that. 
 /msg *status setbindhost 0.0.0.0. 
ty. 
I think it's starting to work.. 
oh, it's _303.. 
] you don't set bindhost to 0.0.0.0 ;>. 
Kamal, fu. 
the "correct" way is clearbindhost. 
i'm just messing with you. 
ic of znc's official channel. 
highly cruel. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
Ohman. 
get rid of it permanently. 
it was about nuclear power after the japan incident. 
not just in japan. 
wasn't America hollowing out mountains or something. 
http://i.imgur.com/FNcZC.jpg. 
That's kinda awesome. 
and letting us dump our nuclear waste in their mountains?. 
yeah, but they abandoned that site recently. 
ahh balls. 
so now its just back to burying the waste? doesn't sound like any progress has been made on the problem at all. 
truckers are pretty great. 
so currently most of the left over radioactive shit is still at the plants it was created at :| including the ones which have been shut down already, it's still there. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlSFenzYOvQ&feature=related. 
the plants themselves do a good job of fucking up the nearby water life as well. 
or do you mean after an accident. 
do they?. 
yeah they've gotta constantly suck in large amounts of water, and then spit it back out again to cool the reactors. 
ah. 
altho when they spit it back out the water is super heated. 
plus the massive intake turbines collect up sea turtles etc. 
its been doing a number on our east coast. 
reefs and such. 
.. and turn them into teenage mutant ninja turtles. 
Oh no! Not the document destroyer!. 
fuck yeah TMNT. 
TIL the voice of cartoon shredder is a black dude. 
nothing to watch. 
hm. 
es is over :(. 
SecretAgentMan: same. 
ly the best character. 
I hadn't seen much Futurama, so I downloaded a season. 
had seen episodes staggered throughout seasons. 
all the cool shit starts again toward the end of the year :|. 
thought I'd give it a shot... but I can't do multiple eps in a row. 
yeah. 
8 seasons is a good run. 

49] he was in a pretty bad way by the season I reached. 
I watched to the last season of Lost. 
it's hard to marathon anything that's mostly self contained stories. 
but never finished the season :P. 
yep agreed. 
I caught the clip where Dinklage won the Emmy. 
and realised I had never heard of any of the other shows that were contending against Thrones of that Emmy. 
I did about .. 2 seasons? of lost, when it first came out.. once they started just not explaining shit I bailed. 
of=for. 
you realised you'd never heard for any other shows?. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
will they get for me ?. 
all they let you is insert a ticket, grim. 
which never gets answered. 
Necrodoom they do answer. 
They'll try find the purchase to see if it went through, and if it did go through, they'll activate your account. 
It just can take up to 48 hours. 
and if it didnt. 
If it didn't go through, you can try buy it again and see if the payment works this time. 
Necrodoom, i believe they answer account issues first. 
Necrodoom what was your issue?. 
Grim_Reaper: counting 2 weeks and up. 
^. 
ill tell my dad  if it went thru. 
Necrodoom perhaps send Marc_IRL a message when he's on here later. 
never seen him on #Minecrafthel. 
because it said purchase succecful. 
help*. 
Necrodoom recently he's been coming on here. 
mojang.com and sending them an email about it. 
-NickServ- Information on Marc_IRL -NickServ- Last seen  : Jun 22 16:58:20 2012 (12 hours, 35 minutes, 43 seconds ago). 
hey. 
hi. 
 tell even if the card is bloccked i can still use it on paypal. 
I have a problem whit minecraft. 
whats the problem?. 
ok so tell me even if the card is bloccked i can still use it on paypal. 
youknowme,  yes. 
kk. 
 ill try. 
after I press Log In it will load, but after that. 
Black Screen. 
nope. 
uffs007, do you see the mojang logo?. 
Have you tried force updating?. 
jes. 
what version of java do you have? and what is your PC specs?. 
java is 7,5. 
and PC specs?. 
not werry good. 
??> uffs007 win/dxdiag. 
uffs007: (win/dxdiag) Press the Win+R keys, and type "dxdiag" (no quotes) in the box. Press enter. If prompted about verifying WHQL, select Yes. Once it has finished loading, click the "Save All Information" button and save it to your desktop.. 
uffs007: (win/dxdiag) Open the file you just saved, and copy the contents. Paste them on http://pastebin.com/ and click Submit. Then, copy the link in your browser's address bar and paste it into the IRC channel.. 
http://pastebin.com/ykBt9ZK6. 
but 2 month's ago I play Minecraft. 
uffs007, 1gb or ram is not sufficient to run minecraft on, even if you could run it 1gb of ram can't have been nice. 
but I played before. 
and now it won't work. 
and no lagg.. sometimes. 
uffs007, i really advise upgrading your PC, minecraft is ram intensive. 
but if I don't upgrade my PC.. can I play Minecraft. 
Playback Complete.. 
15cyruslopez: Hi Rhyan and Ryan :D.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
have a gateway ma7 with a side-by-side comparison, most people in #defocus is like eat food in the /money and i'm trying to change?. 
can't handle skyrim on mid @ my native.. 
Playerz: can i ake wif you?. 
Hi!. 
anyone know what a big fan of kde only due to malfeasance.. 
I need for grass xD.. 
it's own way and are using it.. 
ctate: I imagine the applications open the input devices directly.. 
~James: SPAM. 
you won't even speak two of yours.. 
It took half a min for the ZTE Crescent!. 
coollew3: omg. 
org/support/topic/short-codes-with-in-short-codes-with-in-short-codes-with-in-short-codes?. 
Playerz: can i ake wif you?. 
I love video tutorials to get fired for landscape to seascape).. 
~Quinton: lol?. 
honden: wow. 
~MrCookie: ermmm. 
something went wrong. 
on: YOO COOKIE!!!. 
XD. 
~Quinton: Wuddap cook!. 
~MrCookie: hey guys. 
Playerz: wat you doing?. 
coollew3: hi. 
~Quinton: Follow me. 
hat.. IN SLOW MO. 
~James: So we can read it?. 
~James: Ok, tell your AI bot to repear that - in slo mo. 
making it take over my znc to learn went wrong. 
Playerz: can i live wif someone?. 
~Quinton: Island from me and dobby. 
lol. 
~Quinton: can. 
~JonZa: This good enough?. 
~James: but not when yo want to atually PLAy. 
james - you can scroll mc chat. 
~Quinton: U cxan. 
~Quinton: But it has a limit. 
Matspet00: i wanna play skyrim. 
Matspet00: :D. 
Matspet00: oh i have it lol. 
oh lol. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
but without my name?. 
I don't think. 
sward>: ./me. 
ie seen it done . 
ive**. 
"I've seen it done". 
oh, I hate that. 
,. 
erm.... 
thatsameguy: either its a broadcast or a console message. 
s well. 
broadcasts tend to have before them. 
and not staff. 
no its not that as they are regular players in the server. 
doesnt sound like a plugin will do it. 
unless you mean /nick. 
bonney12: unless you change your nick to a dot and your texture pack hides it. 
hmm yeah, I guess so. 
well yeah, but nick doesn't make the name disappear, does it?. 
 every one trolls now adayso its always press alt f10. 
thatsameguy: is your server on offline mode?. 
no its not its up now with many users but. 
the guy who was able to do it left already. 
so i came here to find out. 
No, we mean in the configuration, do you have "online-mode" true, or false?. 
How come?. 
thatsameguy: you mean set ups your server. 
oh man shit i wouldnt know honestly . 
a freind codes my server. 
well. 
he works at minehost. 
ing on there. 
the files, right?. 
you mean he bought a server off minehost. 
jeff the lief. 
either way. 
.... 
ont pay lo. 
is my irl freind. 
il need server.log to get more data. 
.newlog. 
.newlog: Stop your server, move your server.log out of the craftbukkit directory. Start your server, let it load completely, then stop it. A new server.log will be created, please upload it to http://pastie.org or http://pastebin.com and post the link in the channel.. 
so im on my own for a few weeks. 
he fixed the server up but is gone for a while. 
this is why i play xbox lol billgates does every thing for you. 
*face foot*. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
so I made another with a 1. 
ok. 
james00000001, you do realise if someone joins, they won't find out. 
I know. 
liol. 
its a sub. 
I just do not want anyone to talk as me in the server chat. 
as in they nab that username. 
EsperBot isn't gonna use it. 
The thing is bein slow. 
what username do you want. 
rymate12345?. 
(you'll need to set user permissions, remember that. 
each page takes 10 seconds to load tha basic parts. 
:(. 
rymate. 
The CP is a bit slow. 
username:. 
password...?. 
I PM'd it to you. 
apparently your craftbukkit needs updating. 
oh james00000001 . 
are you aware that the server is out of date? :P. 
I am on RB3. 
O_o. 
The latest. 
Why is MPServ being such an annoying thing right now?. 
* & now the page crahed on me. 
It took half a min for the console to say "pong" after i tped "ping" into it. 
& not . 
Yo rymate, when you get this you should know that your IRC has been disconnected from ur server. 
.players. 
wait. 
my bad. 
Its te zx7 channel. 
!flags EsperBot . 
!flags james00000001 . 
I thaught this was the #rymate channel. 
lol. 
!flags +q $~a. 
hai james00000001 . 
look at mah site http://rymate.co.uk/. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
yeah sometimes they're quite neat. 
Hi. 
I'm absolutely stumped on the very last puzzle. 
How do i work Spoutcraft. 
?. 
Yes. 
or you can download the .exe is your on linux. 
its not opening for me. 
im on windows. 
http://get.spout.org/exe. 
Finally got the last puzzle. 
idk what to do :(. 
What is it doing Creeper1320?. 
ok. 
it doesnt open. 
If none of it opens, then you have security software blocking it. 
I have AVG. 
is that whats preventing it?. 
Yes. 
how i close out of it. 
http://www.spout.org/threads/using-avg-and-cant-start-or-play-spoutcraft.989/. 
Hmm... Can you use the jar version instead of the exe version on Windows too?. 
ok i disable it. 
Considering the file you download from get.spout.org has no feedback, yes MWisBest :P. 
MWisBest: He tried but it didin't work also. 
Well um... does an antivirus block a .jar from executing?. 
It downloads the latest launcher, but if the antivirus blocks the download, nothing to see, no launcher to start. 
Asphodan, ping. 
anyone else having problems with PaintedStone?. 
AgentK, :D. 
hi. 
Typical_Name did u test manabags and backpack on the same server?. 
no I haven't tried backpacks yet. 
I wanted to know if they were compatible. 
heya. 
I wouldnt see why not.. 
well they perform the same kind of role, I didn't know if having multiple inventory-enhancing plugins would cause problems. 
hello. 
"38KB of 427.3GB - About 176,9001:50:46] El fook?. 
hi. 
short question .... whats the names of numpad hotkeys ?. 
does anyone understand the FontRenderer code in spoutcraft at all? It mentions something about an "inverse" and the cause being unknown in very broken english, and I'm suspicious of the +0.01F being necessary at all. 
Maybe someone can help me with spoutcraft launcher modifying ?. 
Playback Complete.. 
hai. 
hai nub. 
Nice ip. 
Buffer Playback.... 
rymate1234 didn't before now, no point lol. 
ahaha. 
'lo Shadow386. 
chrizc, I need you. 
chrizc, needs an MOTD. 
<3. 
pushed a commit last night. 
congrats, kinda busy. 
finally at a stage in my work where I feel comfortable enough to dedicate time to DEV. 
:3. 
so yeah, Shadow386. 
lol. 
chrizc, what does Shadow do again?. 
okedoke. 
he's a head honcho at adanac. 
oh lol. 
maybe he could make the multiplayer server for DEV!. 
no.. 
lol. 
ok. 
probably adanac's version of mollstam coupled with jahkob. 
that's my job.. 
:O. 
Playback Complete.. 
http://puu.sh/AhVN. 
Buffer Playback.... 
multiverse does not know how to take you to newportal. 
new portal newportal created and selected. 
multiverse does not know how to take you to world:flat. 
<Misan>multiverse does not know how to take you to w:flat. 
<Misan>Property Dest of Portal newportal was NOT set to w:flat. 
<Misan>Multiverse could not find the destination w:flat. 
<Misan>Property Dest of Portal newportal was NOT set to world:flat. 
?. 
<Misan>Multiverse could not find the destination world:flat. 
/mvtp. 
mvp w:flat does not work. 
neither mvtp. 
Isn't it safe to delete plot block data for towny?. 
yes I am OP and server owner @ toasten. 
wait. 
Misan: try "mv list" to show which worlds multiverse has loaded. 
:20] Necrodoom: some shop one, im guessing. 
hintss: found a plugin with 3.7K item name aliases. 
theres a plugin that lets you add/remove arbitrary item names. 
.... 
world - normal and world_the_end - the end. 
what was it?. 
hintss: essentials. 
misan, so there isnt a world named "flat" loaded. 
lol. 
u sure to have created it?. 
yes. 
I was on it before I deleted that portal to test mv on my own. 
to learn how to use it. 
then use mv import. 
ok thanks :>. 
hi Misan :P. 
<Necrodoom> hintss: found a plugin with 3.7K item name aliases. 
hi. 
there needs to be a convention for item name aliases. 
indeed. 
Added EntitySilverfish for diff visibility - feildmaster. 
"woodpick"' > unknown "wood_pick" > unknown > "wooden_pickaxe" > unknown.... 
feildmaster pushed 2 new commits to master: http://git.io/N_bBVg. 
Trigger EntityBlockChangeEvent for Silverfish. Adds BUKKIT-1560 and BUKKIT-1593 - feildmaster. 
BUKKIT-1560: http://goo.gl/Igq1V - "Silverfish call EntityChangeBlockEvent" - Open, last updated about 1 month ago (with 3 votes and 2 watchers). 
BUKKIT-1593: http://goo.gl/kQMWG - "Silverfish enter block event" - Open, last updated about 1 month ago (with 2 comments and 2 watchers). 
lol. 
BUKKIT-1593 ("Silverfish enter block event") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/kQMWG. 
Playback Complete.. 
BUKKIT-1560 ("Silverfish call EntityChangeBlockEvent") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/Igq1V. 
I wonder what the pricing on buycraft is.. 
GeeksOnHugs: like closing a network connection or a file that you've been reading/writing. 
guys i apreciate the help. 
Matspet00: rymate. 
if you wish to converse wiith my bot. 
SecretAgentMan: seen breaking bad?. 
im out. 
visit #rymate. 
lol they do explain stuff (not necessarily well), but you gotta be sure to catch every up and its pretty hard to stick with at times. 
GeeksOnHugs: You need to make the object "dead", that is without non-circular references. 
~Quinton: Skrillex - Hey Sexy Lady. 
yeah Breaking Bad was awesome. 
Matspet00: can i make a village again ?. 
freeing always belongs to the garbage collection and we do not control when that happens.. 
shouldn't the object take care of it's own cleanup?. 
Buffer Playback.... 
also. 
so yeah, if you op urself you should have like all of them. 
cool. 
whenever I add a permission to another group. 
It reverts to default again. 
when i start server. 
then stop it. 
how are you going about editing the permssions?. 
file or command?. 
more like copy paste premade one in file. 
I have essentials mind you. 
hmm, well you need to make sure that it is in the right format. 
it is. 
if it isn't that could cause your configs to regen, but more likely cause a parsing error. 
hmm. 
can you make a pastebin of exactly what you are pasting into the files? or even better, what the group file looks like afterword?. 
ok. 
wait whats a pastebin. 
I am noob at computers. 
www.pastebin.com. 
oh ok. 
http://pastebin.com/ERWF2WbF. 
there. 
thats what i copied. 
your right it was wrong format. 
yeah it is. 
I needed to delete one space and add a space between -essentials.blah. 
I fix. 
thankyou. 
now what was your problem. 
i am trying to figure out the custom nodes and how they are supposed to be formatted. 
oh ok. 
whats that pokemons name. 
lol. 
 
und your post on bukkitdev. 
oh his name is actually rioulu. 
sorry. 
ya. 
well I am off sorry I couldnt help your problem but thanks for helping mine. 
riolu*. 
any ppl that know a lot about the plugin herE?. 
xD *here?. 
np. 
Well , What plugin?. 
how do i configure custom nodes in custom_nodes.yml? I haven't been able to find a sample.... 
CraftBukkit: feildmaster master * rd08909c / src/main/java/net/minecraft/server/EntitySilverfish.java : Added EntitySilverfish for diff visibility - http://git.io/7lFVAA. 
bperms. 
CraftBukkit: feildmaster master * rcda17db / (2 files in 2 dirs): Trigger EntityBlockChangeEvent for Silverfish. Adds BUKKIT-1560 and BUKKIT-1593 - http://git.io/1nuoAQ. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
how about you come to my server and check it?. 
nope. 
will open test server. 
busy with other stuff. 
oh... 
and i'm not qualified to test heroes. 
i never used it. 
hm... 
I used to know most of the code of Heroes,. 
But then.... 
I got busy.. 
... 
And they went and updated everything.. 
so no solution?. 
how dare they. 
I still know half of its code.. 
... 
AkaTenSi still havent heard your problem. 
oh ye. 
problem is. 
when i do enachant. 
level remains. 
i mean xp. 
Checked if your experience bar is the same?. 
yes it is. 
NodinChan. 
Should be something wrong with Enchant's code.. 
can you come to my server and. 
check it for me?. 
Not home.. 
oh... 
Either Enchant's code is broken, or the experience update of Bukkit is broken.. 
when i tried it with spout plugin. 
it worked so,. 
i want to change hereos api but it's now allowed right?. 
huh. 
changing an API that's used by dozens of people?. 
well you can do that, but that'll break plugins :D. 
ye.... 
so in other words: bad idea and i dont even see how you got that idea.... 
and there is some people who changes api and uses?. 
better ask #heroes. 
no answer form them at all now. 
wait longer. 
ask again in 10 minutes or something. 
waited 3hours.. 
maybe try their forum then?. 
ok.... 
will try. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
wait. 
. 
is it recode or crow?. 
b10 ;). 
lol now its just a classnotfound error. 
oh. 
well, send it anyways. 
azy classnotfound and the normal (shorter). 
http://pastebin.com/UecSgah0. 
i can look at it. but i dont know much about old canary plugin system. i tis a bit familiar tho. 
most of the times when i get ane xception in URLClassLoader it means the jar was updated but not closed before updating.. 
Babble, the class just isn't there.. 
What are you using to develop?. 
(inb4 "Java"). 
Jos- why is the first error longer than the second. 
in byte 4. 
Because you did the first reload from the GUI. 
or l4mRh4x0r. 
and second from in-game. 
lol but why 2 other errors?. 
???. 
GeeksOnHugs: NO. 
that is the wrong model for GC.. 
Heyy. 
its not running yet. 
its not running yet. 
and it says class does not exist and when you do reloadplugin blabla just plugin doesn't exist. 
.tell Babble Ever thought about the possibility that the class doesn't exist?. 
Hello. 
l4mRh4X0r: I'll pass that along.. 
Anyone here familiar with namecheap?. 
Yeah I was wondering how to go about the whole mc.URL.com redirecting to a server, figured it out though :p. 
Puff, yes. 
kk. 
Actually no I do have a question, can I make it redirect to an ip with a port?. 
Derp?. 
erm. 
d no, I think. You'd have to set up correct redirects via the server. 
it's fine, i don't rlly get this anyway it's a try/fail try again process.. 
my expertise most certainly do not lie in web servers or any kind of hosting for that matter. 
my head has been hurting all day, so sorry cant help much. 
I'm on for once!. 
;3. 
lol. 
Le derp.. 
Not sure if it successfully identified me or not.. 
is there any Working livemap for CanaryMod at the moment?. 
not afaik. 
does the livemap plugin not work?. 
which one btw?   LiveMap, dynmap or ?. 
idk. 
i think its derping with multiworld and stuff, and i never got it to work :P not even on localhost. 
hmm, could try to port it :3. 
I use dynmap on bukkit. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
Hello, when I try to log into my bouncer I am getting this error, "Aborting connection, another user is currently connecting and using the ident spoof file". 
"Identfile error? Wait. You're queued.". 
What server?. 
probably us. 
lol.. 
Queued for what?. 
oh wait. 
Yep, us. 
?oidentd. 
RyanKnack: Current .oidentd.conf content: global { reply "Leonid" }. 
?oidentd. 
Is it server wide?. 
RyanKnack: Current .oidentd.conf content: empty. 
or is that freebnc tunneling ipv6 o.O. 
sooo many people using ipv6. 
its not running yet. 
If there's any Frenchie people I'd need some informations since I'm going there in a week :D. 
ChauffeR so freebnc now has ipv6?. 
Kamal: it's always had it. 
herp.... 
lol. 
but not on all servers. 
oh I see...your saying make sure to do iah! ah! THE MEAT!! THE HORRIBLE MEAT^%percent!$%percent!!!^*%percent*@$. 
wrong channel. 
tunneled?. 
i don't know, probably ie. 
IIRC only one server is tunneled. 
and listen to dis http://youtubedoubler.com/?video1=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3Dg34B-YOaC7c&start1=0&video2=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DA67GQgoiinM&start2=3&authorName=OMAIGASHHHHHHH. 
:3. 
hey, my bnc isnt working (ie.freebnc.net). 
define not working. 
?. 
erm it says Attempting to connect to .... 
<*status> Cannot connect to IRC (Cannot assign requested address (Is your IRC server's host name and ZNC bind host valid?)). Retrying.... 
and keeps saying that. 
 /msg *status setbindhost 0.0.0.0. 
ty. 
oh, it's _303.. 
"yay". 
you don't set bindhost to 0.0.0.0 ;>. 
I think it's starting to work.. 
Kamal, fu. 
highly cruel. 
the "correct" way is clearbindhost. 
GUIpsp I saw that in the topic of znc's official channel. 
i'm just messing with you. 
mkay. 
>:. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
so now its just back to burying the waste? doesn't sound like any progress has been made on the problem at all. 
truckers are pretty great. 
?v=xlSFenzYOvQ&feature=related. 
so currently most of the left over radioactive shit is still at the plants it was created at :| including the ones which have been shut down already, it's still there. 
the plants themselves do a good job of fucking up the nearby water life as well. 
do they?. 
or do you mean after an accident. 
yeah they've gotta constantly suck in large amounts of water, and then spit it back out again to cool the reactors. 
althoplus the massive intake turbines collect up sea turtles etc. 
its been doing a number on our east coast. 
reefs and such. 
.. and turn them into teenage mutant ninja turtles. 
fuck yeah TMNT. 
TIL the voice of cartoon shredder is a black dude. 
hm. 
es is over :(. 
nt destroyer!. 
I hadn't seen much Futurama, so I downloaded a season. 
SecretAgentMan: same. 
ly the best character. 
had seen episodes staggered throughout seasons. 
all the cool shit starts again toward the end of the year :|. 
house is finished is it?. 
thought I'd give it a shot... but I can't do multiple eps in a row. 
I watched to the last season of Lost. 
8 seasons is a good run. 
he was in a pretty bad way by the season I reached. 
but never finished the season :P. 
it's hard to marathon anything that's mostly self contained stories. 
and realised I had never heard of any of the other shows that were contending against Thrones of that Emmy. 
I did about .. 2 seasons? of lost, when it first came out.. once they started just not explaining shit I bailed. 
of=for. 
you realised you'd never heard for any other shows?. 
SecretAgentMan: seen breaking bad?. 
lol they do explain stuff (not necessarily well), but you gotta be sure to catch every up and its pretty hard to stick with at times. 
yeah Breaking Bad was awesome. 
curious what happens next. 
Snowman. 
what's the "666" item do. 
bout to grab brimstone though. 
its finished now afaik. 
Playback Complete.. 
can't find it on wiki, must be blind. 
you've seen Breaking Bad yeah?. 
Buffer Playback.... 
all they let you is insert a ticket, grim. 
which never gets answered. 
and if it didnt. 
They'll try find the purchase to see if it went through, and if it did go through, they'll activate your account. 
Necrodoom they do answer. 
It just can take up to 48 hours. 
Grim_Reaper: counting 2 weeks and up. 
If it didn't go through, you can try buy it again and see if the payment works this time. 
Necrodoom, i believe they answer account issues first. 
Necrodoom what was your issue?. 
^. 
Necrodoom perhaps send Marc_IRL a message when he's on here later. 
ill tell my dad  if it went thru. 
never seen him on #Minecrafthel. 
help*. 
youknowme then I suggest going to http://help.mojang.com and sending them an email about it. 
because it said purchase succecful. 
Necrodoom recently he's been coming on here. 
-NickServ- Information on Marc_IRL -NickServ- Last seen  : Jun 22 16:58:20 2012 (12 hours, 35 minutes, 43 seconds ago). 
ok so tell even if the card is bloccked i can still use it on paypal. 
hey. 
hi. 
I have a problem whit minecraft. 
whats the problem?. 
youknowme,  yes. 
 if the card is bloccked i can still use it on paypal. 
 ill try. 
Black Screen. 
og In it will load, but after that. 
jes. 
Have you tried force updating?. 
go?. 
what version of java do you have? and what is your PC specs?. 
java is 7,5. 
and PC specs?. 
not werry good. 
??> uffs007 win/dxdiag. 
uffs007: (win/dxdiag) Press the Win+R keys, and type "dxdiag" (no quotes) in the box. Press enter. If prompted about verifying WHQL, select Yes. Once it has finished loading, click the "Save All Information" button and save it to your desktop.. 
uffs007: (win/dxdiag) Open the file you just saved, and copy the contents. Paste them on http://pastebin.com/ and click Submit. Then, copy the link in your browser's address bar and paste it into the IRC channel.. 
http://pastebin.com/ykBt9ZK6. 
but 2 month's ago I play Minecraft. 
but I played before. 
 not sufficient to run minecraft on, even if you could run it 1gb of ram can't have been nice. 
and no lagg.. sometimes. 
uffs007, i really advise upgrading your PC, minecraft is ram intensive. 
but if I don't upgrade my PC.. can I play Minecraft. 
So... I get the login screen and update screens and get this: http://pastebin.com/raS9azUJ (Ubuntu 11.10). 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
it's own way and are using it.. 
ctate: I imagine the applications open the input devices directly.. 
It took half a min for the ZTE Crescent!. 
~James: SPAM. 
you won't even speak two of yours.. 
I found your post on bukkitdev.. 
coollew3: omg. 
org/support/topic/short-codes-with-in-short-codes-with-in-short-codes-with-in-short-codes?. 
I love video tutorials to get fired for landscape to seascape).. 
~Quinton: lol?. 
honden: wow. 
Playerz: can i ake wif you?. 
Matspet00: sure?. 
~MrCookie: ermmm. 
something went wrong. 
on: YOO COOKIE!!!. 
Playerz: hi. 
XD. 
~Quinton: Wuddap cook!. 
~MrCookie: hey guys. 
What's up, guys. 
Playerz: wat you doing?. 
coollew3: hi. 
~James: So we can read it?. 
. IN SLOW MO. 
~Quinton: =D. 
~James: Ok, tell your AI bot to repear that - in slo mo. 
Playerz: can i live wif someone?. 
~Quinton: Follow me. 
making it take over my znc to learn went wrong. 
james ~Quinton: U cxan. 

~Quinton: can. 
enough?. 
~Quinton: But it has a limit. 
ually PLAy. 
oh lol. 
Matspet00: i wanna play skyrim. 
Matspet00: :D. 
Matspet00: oh i have it lol. 
Matspet00: rymate. 
~Quinton: Skrillex - Hey Sexy Lady. 
~MrCookie: hey br. 
Matspet00: can i make a village again ?. 
~Quinton: talking to me?. 
~MrCookie: to james*. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
oh, I hate that. 
bonney12: .. 
p us,. 
erm.... 
excuse my bad grammer i have a bone disorder cant move hands well. 
broadcasts tend to have before them. 
essage. 
and not staff. 
no its not that as they are regular players in the server. 
unless you mean /nick. 
doesnt sound like a plugin will do it. 
well yeah, but nick doesn't make the name disappear, does it?. 
well its already on the server i just dont know how to do it and every one trolls now adayso its always press alt f10. 
bonney12: unless you change your nick to a dot and your texture pack hides it. 
hmm yeah, I guess so. 
thatsameguy: is your server on offline mode?. 
no its not its up now with many users but. 
No, we mean in the configuration, do you have "online-mode" true, or false?. 
the guy who was able to do it left already. 
oh man shit i wouldnt know honestly . 
How come?. 
thatsameguy: you mean set ups your server. 
a freind codes my server. 
well. 
Well, you should still have access to the files, right?. 
he works at minehost. 
so i dont know whats going on there. 
you mean he bought a server off minehost. 
no i dont pay lo. 
lol. 
jeff the lief. 
.... 
either way. 
is my irl freind. 
.newlog. 
.newlog: Stop your server, move your server.log out of the craftbukkit directory. Start your server, let it load completely, then stop it. A new server.log will be created, please upload it to http://pastie.org or http://pastebin.com and post the link in the channel.. 
*face foot*. 
he fixed the server up but is gone for a while. 
guys i apreciate the help. 
so im on my own for a few weeks. 
tes does every thing for you. 
im out. 
 EssMib_2606: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
help /kitstart  Permissions. 
help /kitstart  Permissions. 
Buffer Playback.... 
so I made another with a 1. 
Playback Complete.. 
liol. 
I know. 
0001, you do realise if someone joins, they won't find out. 
I just do not want anyone to talk as me in the server chat. 
as in they nab that username. 
EsperBot isn't gonna use it. 
The thing is bein slow. 
what username do you want. 
erm. 
rymate12345?. 
:P. 
(you'll need to set user permissions, remember that. 
each page takes 10 seconds to load tha basic parts. 
:(. 
The CP is a bit slow. 
username:. 
rymate. 
password...?. 
I PM'd it to you. 
oh james00000001 . 
are you aware that the server is out of date? :P. 
apparently your craftbukkit needs updating. 
I am on RB3. 
The latest. 
Why is MPServ being such an annoying thing right now?. 
It took half a min for the console to say "pong" after i tped "ping" into it. 
& not . 
* & now the page crahed on me. 
.players. 
Yo rymate, when you get this you should know that your IRC has been disconnected from ur server. 
my bad. 
Its te zx7 channel. 
lol. 
I thaught this was the #rymate channel. 
!flags james00000001 . 
!flags EsperBot . 
!flags +q $~a. 
SPLIT. 
hiiiii. 
hai james00000001 . 
look at mah site http://rymate.co.uk/. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
yeah sometimes they're quite neat. 
Hi. 
o i work Spoutcraft. 
he very last puzzle. 
Yes. 
http://get.spout.org/exe. 
or you can download the .exe is your on linux. 
its not opening for me. 
idk what to do :(. 
Finally got the last puzzle. 
not work either. 
the .exe doesn't work?. 
What is it doing Creeper1320?. 
ok. 
it doesnt open. 
If none of it opens, then you have security software blocking it. 
I have AVG. 
is that whats preventing it?. 
Yes. 
how i close out of it. 
http://www.spout.org/threads/using-avg-and-cant-start-or-play-spoutcraft.989/. 
Hmm... Can you use the jar version instead of the exe version on Windows too?. 
ok i disable it. 
Well um... does an antivirus block a .jar from executing?. 
feedback, yes MWisBest :P. 
It downloads the latest launcher, but if the antivirus blocks the download, nothing to see, no launcher to start. 
Asphodan, ping. 
anyone else having problems with PaintedStone?. 
Morning, all.. 
AgentK, :D. 
hi. 
Typical_Name did u test manabags and backpack on the same server?. 
no I haven't tried backpacks yet. 
I wanted to know if they were compatible. 
I wouldnt see why not.. 
well they perform the same kind of role, I didn't know if having multiple inventory-enhancing plugins would cause problems. 
hello. 
heya. 
"Backing up 2,416,695 items". 
"38KB of 427.3GB - About 176,900 days". 
El fook?. 
So...... 
short question .... whats the names of numpad hotkeys ?. 
hi. 
does anyone understand the FontRenderer code in spoutcraft at all? It mentions something about an "inverse" and the cause being unknown in very broken english, and I'm suspicious of the +0.01F being necessary at all. 
Maybe someone can help me with spoutcraft launcher modifying ?. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
Nice ip. 
hai nub. 
chrizc, needs an MOTD. 
rymate1234 didn't before now, no point lol. 
'lo Shadow386. 
<3. 
ahaha. 
chrizc, I need you. 
pushed a commit last night. 
so yeah, Shadow386. 
finally at a stage in my work where I feel comfortable enough to dedicate time to DEV. 
congrats, kinda busy. 
:3. 
okedoke. 
lol. 
chrizc, what does Shadow do again?. 
he's a head honcho at adanac. 
probably adanac's version of mollstam coupled with jahkob. 
no.. 
that's my job.. 
lol. 
ok. 
maybe he could make the multiplayer server for DEV!. 
http://puu.sh/AhVN. 
:O. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
multiverse does not know how to take you to newportal. 
new portal newportal created and selected. 
<Misan>Multiverse could not find the destination w:flat. 
multiverse does not know how to take you to world:flat. 
<Misan>multiverse does not know how to take you to w:flat. 
<Misan>Property Dest of Portal newportal was NOT set to w:flat. 
<Misan>Multiverse could not find the destination world:flat. 
<Misan>Property Dest of Portal newportal was NOT set to world:flat. 
?. 
w:flat does not work. 
neither mvtp. 
Isn't it safe to delete plot block data for towny?. 
yes I am OP and server owner @ toasten. 
i wonder which plugin has the biggest item names database. 
Necrodoom: some shop one, im guessing. 
Misan: try "mv list" to show which worlds multiverse has loaded. 
wait. 
thanks. 
theres a plugin that lets you add/remove arbitrary item names. 
hintss: found a plugin with 3.7K item name aliases. 
.... 
world - normal and world_the_end - the end. 
lol. 
u sure to have created it?. 
named "flat" loaded. 
to learn how to use it. 
yes. 
on it before I ok thanks :>. 
t mv on my own. 
there needs to be a convention for item name aliases. 
hi Misan :P. 
hi. 
<Necrodoom> hintss: found a plugin with 3.7K item name aliases. 
indeed. 
"woodpick"' > unknown "wood_pick" > unknown > "wooden_pickaxe" > unknown.... 
feildmaster pushed 2 new commits to master: http://git.io/N_bBVg. 
Added EntitySilverfish for diff visibility - feildmaster. 
Trigger EntityBlockChangeEvent for Silverfish. Adds BUKKIT-1560 and BUKKIT-1593 - feildmaster. 
BUKKIT-1560: http://goo.gl/Igq1V - "Silverfish call EntityChangeBlockEvent" - Open, last updated about 1 month ago (with 3 votes and 2 watchers). 
BUKKIT-1593: http://goo.gl/kQMWG - "Silverfish enter block event" - Open, last updated about 1 month ago (with 2 comments and 2 watchers). 
lol. 
BUKKIT-1593 ("Silverfish enter block event") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/kQMWG. 
BUKKIT-1560 ("Silverfish call EntityChangeBlockEvent") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/Igq1V. 
I wonder what the pricing on buycraft is.. 
Playback Complete.. 
yeah. 
~Quinton: Im not ur bro T_T. 
what. 
lolololol. 
~Quinton: Jokes. 
that was the end of the show. 
honden: lol. 
~MrCookie: ohhh. 
not according to imdb. 
~MrCookie: u gt donator?. 
really?. 
coollew3: yeah. 
Jul 15 season 5 starts. 
hmm. 
wow really?. 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0903747/episodes?season=5. 
is brimstone a must have?. 
I see, so I should do all of my objects clean up in a "finalizer"?  basically an ondestroy event?. 
a finalizer should always free any leftover native resources, but there needs to be another method that user can call to ensure that the native resources are disposed of in some predictable point of time. 
~MrCookie: ermm. 
that's awesome. 
closing files and what not is really a seperate topic from GC.. 
aardvarken =. 
~MrCookie: converse COOKIE. 
~Quinton: Lol. 
~Quinton: Aardvarken. 
I read an article where the writer was saying that the audience was losing touch with the main character. 
oh phew. 
~Quinton: wat een klote woord. 
only works in #rymate. 
xD. 
hence why I'm curious.. I thought that was a good time to end as well. 
:D. 
GeeksOnHugs: you have *really* bad or lacking knowledge about GC and GCed languages. 
and that he felt he couldn't keep it up. 
~Quinton: aaaah dat storrt mij echt mateloos. 
duh, that's why I'm asking about it. 
(the season going). 
wat. 
err show. 
~MrCookie: -.-. 
viagra joke. 
~Quinton: Dat woord. 
xD. 
jrib su - -c skype asks for a password but it does not do anything then. 
XD. 
because he'd kinda written Walter too far away from the mild-mannered science teacher. 
GeeksOnHugs: yeah, but I think #java might be a bit better place :). 
he's like some vigilante badass now. 
and good book on GC. 
yeah I didn't like that. 
AmbushReality, your nick is lot in its huge brain :(. 
*lost. 
 
woke up from my nap.. 
Yup. 
SHE GOT THA GOODS http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPokHbHYC5M. 
 
i'm picking up what I need as I go...I've read several sources, but I'm a practical learner. 
anyway java 7 introduced 'try (Foo x = ...) { ... }' like pattern. 
I just realized I have to wake up at 5:02 PM.. 
Java sucks. 
the idea is that x will be disposed on the exit of the block no matter what. 
trying to not fall asleep on my keyboard. 
RainbowDash, Well, me too... somewhat.. 
End of story. 
It recognises when you typo'd sentence. 
Matspet00: mrcookie. 
~MrCookie: ?. 
diki	but it has some nice tools =). 
RainbowDash, I went to sleep 5AM.. 
oddly ended up liking pinkman more. 
didn't like the mild-mannered teacher... or that he was written away from being that character?. 
Anyone need help?. 
\o/. 
Matspet00: i got some stuff from pvp. 
 
Matspet00: ok?. 
Hello?. 
liked the teacher. 
XD. 
Can anyone help me with my gift code purchase?. 
~MrCookie: just checking.... 
yeah teacher was good. 
I bought it but i haven't recived it. 
alankila: looks to me more like x goes out of scope. 
Matspet00: but can u tp my frend here?. 
I dunno, I was scared at first...I been doing delphi for 17 years...first few weeks were uncomfortable but now it's no problem. 
Soldierman54321: nope. 
lol.. 
Does anyone see anything in my logs http://pastebin.com/3FM3NMrd that could cause the ticks per second to go down? It keeps going from 20tps to 10 then to 15 and all over the place.. 
And theres no support emailing me either. 
Which probably have C counterpatys. 
~MrCookie: nope. 
he ended up just being a plain old criminal. 
RainbowDash, Heated discussion if you can see the log. But I'd rather not talk much about it.. 
this is a discussion channel mate. 
MFW my mum wants me to take files off of an 11 year old 60GB PATA HDD. 
last guy kicked himself off with asking for help. 
so where should i goto. 
 
p_l: one may think of it in that way, but that is not the correct model. Disposing happens when the block ends.. 
Soldierman54321: #minecrafthelp is what you want. 
minecraft.net maybe. 
or minecraft forums. 
Hello?. 
http://i.imgur.com/VaOjz.jpg This is fucking amazing. 
you can try to keep x elsewhere but it will still be disposed object.. 
And when the tps is lower the can't keep up messages are more frequent. 
hmm. 
What happened?. 
 
alankila: does it make illegal returning references from it?. 
~Quinton: Lol. 
~JonZa: What?. 
~MrCookie: ermmm. 
#minecrafthelp might also be good. 
p_l: no. 
Can anyone help me with my minecraft purchase?. 
<EssMib_2606> help /kitstart  Permissions. 
Least it isnt in a street with an aardvark. 
Soldierman54321, what's wrong with it?. 
??< index. 
3 times within 10 sec. 
Matspet00: can sommone tp laser98 to me his my frend. 
here we just talk about stuff that isn't minecraft related mostly :). 
~MrCookie: converse sex?. 
or are we talking about Disposable interface getting apropriate method called?. 
my biggest issue with java is it's so freeform feeling compared to Object Pascal (Delphi) where everything has it's place and order...but java will allow a class here, a method there a field over there...Im not allways sure how to group and order elements. 
but there's high likelihood the reference doesn't work anymore because if it were a fileinputstream, say, it will be closed. 
RainbowDash, So, you said to WAKE UP at 5:00PM?. 
really?. 
p_l: yes, the Disposable interface.. 
In the afternoon?. 
Wow... Persistant. 
~James: converse SHUT RYMATE UP. 
so many people with purchase issues. 
some heathens manage to steer the conversation towards minecraft for a bit sometimes tho. 
~James: It work'd. 
god that's so fucking annoying. 
I know!. 
~Quinton: Haha. 
wat. 
honden: ok. 
ikr. 
What is that even about!. 
dude whyt do you have your own channel. 
Who would actually come to #minecraft to talk about minecraft?. 
Losers.. 
~MrCookie: BAM* james is default :D. 
those newbies who join the channel and then go all like "omg not minecraft you are spamming". 
lul. 
~James: ?. 
sooo... basically simplified finally block. 
fuck those kids. 
it needs to be on more channels. 
~Quinton: Dafuq xD. 
p_l: yes.. 
meh. 
it's not learning much. 
it's not meth. 
Only if they're above 16 though!. 
~MrCookie: ... 
hunterboerner, Its leeching off my znc. 
#minecraft is not for minecraft discussion, it's for the minecraft community to discuss shit. 
alankila: meth would be more interesting. 
if you ever dealt with file descriptors they suck. 
That's 25 channels. 
:3. 
now we wait.. 
wow. 
may it be minecraft or not. 
put it on #minecraft. 
~Quinton: U like it?. 
^. 
It is. 
XD. 
put it on 30 more then. 
~MrCookie: yep. 
hello once again. 
nahhhh. 
and when you have multiple of those buggers, the code to allocate and dispose them without this feature bores you to tears. 
~Quinton: Than it good. 
I ain't joining 30 more channels. 
I am installing warcraft 3 on an old netbook.... 
Matspet00: cprivate. 
Matspet00: laser98. 
~MrCookie: actually get rid of stone or change it to something else. 
XD. 
Do iiir. 
~MrCookie: looks like griefed*. 
need channel for mobile services on freenode server?. 
alankila: I'm used to similar blocks in form of (with-open-file ... ). 
because in the finally block you need another try-catch shit for just the close. 
*iiit. 
~Quinton: Like what?. 
anybody help me. 
~Quinton: Its just new. 
nokia_xxxxsss: mobile services?. 
Oh, god.. 
orbii, Why, thanks!. 
i expect it to run playably, considering its age. 
~MrCookie: looks weird with stone*. 
Nobodycares.. 
Basically ive bought the gift code. 
MINE. 
yes. 
I don't like having a scrollbar on my channel list. 
SecretAgentMan: pm :P. 
Playerz: help protect my house. 
i bought minecraft and it said purchase succesful and i tried playing it in an hour and it didnt work it still said username not premuim still and i bought it. 
But i haven't recived it. 
gimme that. 
alankila: lol..yeah, but that happens even with just on InputStream. 
like what?. 
orbii, LOL. 
Playerz: admin??. 
I bought it like 3 days ago... 
i have problem with nokia phone. 
Playerz: help protect my house. 
alankila: "one". 
well, i don't care if people care. 
Soldierman54321 - It'll show up in your profile on minecraft.net. 
in object pascal you had an explicit area to declare shit, and then implement shit...discrete sections for private, protected, public (and published)...variables before methods in each...so there was no question on where something would go. 
xc, Sorry, I love coockies. 
lulzies. 
oh. 
It will learn faster. 
It hasn't. 
which one?. 
i say things all the time people don't care about. 
*cookies. 
:). 
RdlBNC is shutting down :-(. 
Playerz: james. 
but i say them anyway because i have free speech. 
honden: heeft er iemand een xp farm. 
~James: What is it?. 
jesusjr22, where did you purchase minecraft from?. 
Then chances are your payment didn't get through. DId your credit card get charged the moeny?. 
I use freebnc. 
Matspet00: cookie. 
"Gift Codes. 
You currently haven't bought any gift codes, click here to buy one.". 
Playerz: help me protect my house. 
nokia_xxxxsss: which phone?. 
Yah. 
nokia x2-00. 
GeeksOnHugs: Java is pretty strict layout too. 
~Quinton: Stone is actually nice. 
I dont use any bnc cos idk hoe. 
~James: I dunno if admins should protect houses?. 
jhudgins: true, but if you have multiple the correct disposing sequence starts to get really annoing :-p separate finally try-catch blocks for each. Man it is so awkward. 
and i desperately hope on the inside that somebody will listen and actually care about my words. 
*how. 
Oh, and like chrisward asked, where did you buy it from? :). 
i dont know it it got thru. 
free speech has no effect on IRC by the way. 
orbii, Cookies, american-style, aren't common here. 
~Quinton: Its allowed. 
what a terrible model name :p. 
coollew3: ask nicely playerz. 
~James: Ok. 
because its noy myn its my dads. 
I dunno p_I the compiler doesn't seem to complain too much about where I put things. 
jesusjr22, did you get it from minecraft.net or somewhere else. 
aw crap...main server's in sweden, isn't it?. 
apaprently. 
try...catch...finally is annoying too. 
like my last girlfriend. 
yes. 
lol no. 
??< casuality. 
th method I use to make it converse. 
haha. 
only accepts a word. 
GeeksOnHugs: thank heavens java doesn't require strict ordering like that. 
XD. 
espernet got servers around the country but obeys USA law. 
??< causality. 
i did get it from minecraft.net. 
Ive got a transaction cod3. 
Ive got a transaction code. 
group logical things together. Try to minimize variable scopes -- do not declare them at start of method, declare them on use. 
alankila: agreed, it's one of the ugliest things in java. 
do you know channel for mobile support. 
But no gift code. 
WinCamXP: what netbook is it?. 
it's a privilege to chat on espernet, not a right. 
~MrCookie: lol. 
?. 
~Quinton: =D. 
that was amazingly irritating. 
No I agree...I'm getting a feel for it. 
so it's US law, therefore free speech. 
GeeksOnHugs: Pascal was never supposed to be used in production. It was strict to browbeat students into Dijkstra's school of computing. 
it's lovely when people try to defend their crap with free speech because it never works. 
oh, it's a toshiba NB505. 
do the entire google doodle... takes me to a search result. 
WinCamXP, lol nope. 
I WANTED A COOKIE D:. 
and also never got a transition code. 
Youve filled it up with shit. 
wut. 
~James: There. 
Why would the main server be in Sweden?. 
cookies.. 
Soldierman54321 - In this case you might want to follow those instructions: http://help.mojang.com/customer/portal/articles/329762-i-paid-for-a-gift-code-but-haven’t-received-it-. 
LOL. 
you can doodle here: http://muro.deviantart.com/. 
~Quinton: Is this vetter?. 
Playerz: i have no premission. 
because mojang. 
GUIpsp pwnt by Kamal. 
~James: protected. 
~Quinton: better*. 
herp. 
LOG WANT.. 
That is, fill out the contact form linked there with your transaction ID etc.. 
~MrCookie: yep. 
with various hidden magic numbers derived from CDC6600. 
shit.. 
Oh.. 
i just realised it's my birthday in 2 weeks. 
o.O. 
i should have inferred that espernet is nit necessarily swedish. 
~James: There. 
~MrCookie: converse sex?. 
~James: Try now. 
funny. i got a cake infront of me.. 
Playerz: i have no permission. 
Playerz: thx. 
that phone has "Nokia OS". 
 
~James: Cool. 
(like symbol case and length). 
Let me keep it in my QUIT message. :P. 
WinCamXP: does the game actually run on that?. 
i dont celebrate birthdays, just kinda creeps up on you. 
I got the transaction code. 
jesusjr22, what name did you use to purchase minecraft?. 
Its been in #ubuntu. 
which I'm going to go ahead and assume is incredibly unpopular, and closed source. 
WinCamXP, free speech only applies to public property. 
Espernet is best net. 
(username that is). 
Noticed. 
LUL. 
not good ways to get a freenode channel. 
all that talk of cookies i went the the freezer and grabbed some icecream cake. 
THAT'S A STUPID CONVERSATION CHANNEL. 
mmm. 
the name  i used to buy it or credit card. 
Megabyte: would you prefer a biscuit?. 
nokia_xxxxsss: you should probably call nokia support. 
why did mojang or whoever originated #minecraft decide on espernet?. 
new QUIT message.. 
QUIT! <orbii> i just realised it's my birthday in 2 weeks. 
lol. 
#tigirc. 
ohh kk umm it was. 
tigsource is also on espernet. 
minecraft name. 
hello. 
it's just smart people. 
or w/e the chan was. 
lol. 
Rainbowdash: please dont.. 
orbii, Heh, hard to say. 
ahhhh. 
I have nothing bad to say about it, its an amazingly productive language and combined with RAD delphi...totally a programmer multiplyer...it was very fast to get started with...easy as VB, nearly as powerful as C++, fast compile, fast executibles. 
we need dumb people that talk alot. 
aw fine.. 
"jesusjr22". 
orbii, I like both. 
;paid jesusjr22. 
njt01: hi. 
inb4 "why did they choose espernet". 
its also in my server irc. 
hmm. 
will that do? :3. 
I'll just copy a random quote on here.. 
orbii, I'd prefer biscuits most of the time. 
does anyone know how to send y sister's texts to irc?. 
if I remember the correct command *pokes Morrolan*. 
because fuck you that's why. 
;haspaid. 
well, anyway. 
orbii, But a good cookie... yummy. 
OK. 
Sqozza! watch Tf2 tournament. 
… so tempting to copy that.. 
i bought itt?. 
the majority of espernet is minecraft-related by the way. 
rymate1234, what's the channel for your server IRC?. 
lolol. 
I have to resist.. 
just checking.... 
orbii, Thanks.. 
Stushla: link. 
morsnowski on the bottem is an example. 
http://wiki.openwrt.org/doc/networking/network.interfaces. 
Esper is kinda sane without being DALnet. 
forgot the command though. 
#rymate on esper.net. 
orbii, My favorites are vanilla with a chocolate fill.. 
:D. 
I'm aiming to do at least a pug a day and it's turning out pretty well. 
considering w3 was made in what, '03, I'd have to assume it would run even on this crappy netbook, at least with graphics settings turned down. 
\o/. 
no. 
 
RainbowDash, LOL. 
i never got my tranistion code. 
http://www.twitch.tv/pyyyour. 
RainbowDashh: i may be forced to /part #defocus if you d. 
lol?. 
oh shit, pyyyour streaming. 
lol no. 
mhm. 
as a programmer loner and relatively open-source fanatic, I disapprove of the above message.. 
chrisward - There's AuBot's "!paid", the one with the ; is WugBot's, and that one is AWOL.. 
yay w3. 
ohi. 
ah okay, thanks. 
Delphi/VB/etc style RAD lead to pretty bad stuff, though. And you don't know programmer multiplyer till you get to truly high level languages :)_. 
so is \o/ supposed to mean lol or is it a guy with his arms out?. 
does this get chat from your server?. 
gonna go to bed. 
Playerz: cookie. 
WinCamXP: sometimes they just don't do 3D. 
night o/. 
I did the query myself on minecraft.net, got false. 
~MrCookie: ?. 
The later, WinCamXP.. 
\o/ is hands raised up. 
Playerz: you destory my house. 
ye. 
nvm. 
Morrolan, take it from here, been a while since I've been in here XD. 
~MrCookie: what. 
what plugin does it use. 
lol is actually hands raised up too. 
o/ is a greeting - with the arm raised up towards you. 
Playerz: my house. 
:O. 
craftirc. 
~MrCookie: wtf u talking about. 
jesusjr22 - How did you buy it again you said?. 
cool. 
not sure what happens next. 
i never got my transition code and i bought the gaame. 
Playerz: my house. 
Rymate-Bot. 
i think orbii would but ive never seen orbii leave or join #defocus infact i think orbii is #defocus. 
Playerz: here. 
can they hear us?. 
Matspet00: rymate. 
~MrCookie: ... 
the problem with these interwebs acronyms and stuff is you have to actually know what they mean beforehand, or you have no idea what the person is trying to say. 
Matspet00: are u kidding wth me :3. 
I filled out that form 3 days ago... 
Yes. They can XD. 
which could be a good thing.... 
hey diikshiit. 
lol. 
fail.. 
how ya'll doing. 
xc: when the channel had stats, i was the most active user :/. 
They can be easily looked up as well. 
lol.. 
I think we need channel stats.. 
i bought it with a credit card from master caard. 
Soldierman54321 - They are currently processing mails from over a month ago I think. ;). 
i dont.. 
I agree p_l...but you could develop good OO technique with them (well not with VB) you'd eventually have to not use the visual tools so much, but you know they're like training wheels heh...I mean if you can do VB you can start with Delphi, but then when your ready you have all the power you could want. 
 
why?. 
well, yeah, but that's one extra tab on your browser. 
~MrCookie: i ll show ya the diikshiit soon. 
oh.. 
is there anyone who can tell me how to change "document author" that i create?. 
whats wrong with channel stats?. 
So i have to wait a month?. 
means someone/something is logging/recording stuff in here.. 
hi. 
no then people would copy pasta what i say. 
i started samba somehow and now what ever i do, create new file, commit something on github, it says that i did it as " who can i change that?. 
I just ask if I come across one I don't know. 
that's the name of a famous indian women. 
https://github.com/webbukkit. 
everyone will know im crazy. 
I think a staffer should do the stats for us. :P. 
WinCamXP: I have 50 open right now. Not a biggie.. 
which doesn't matter when you have 12GB of ddr3, WinCamXP. 
i am crazy, happy to admit that.. 
well folks are always recording things for private, sure, why not. 
;D. 
in other words, approximately 15 seconds minimum (unless you're HAL 9000) until you actually know. 
For example: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_emoticons. 
jesusjr22 - Chances are your credit card provider / financial insitute blocked the payment due to fraud prevention. I suggest you call the number on the back of the card and ask them whether they've blocked this international transfer.. 
Morrolan, also, if you get a second, http://pastebin.com/raS9azUJ (Ubuntu 11.10). 
 
because if this channel had public stats, the problem users in here would try to get to the top of the leaderboard with silly behavior.. 
sure……. 
http://i.imgur.com/FJExW.png. 
:3. 
~MrCookie: oh is it boerner?. 
that is specifically why I didn't do public stats.. 
kk. 
and a stats bot would also do that for private without anyone else looking. 
you don't need more than 8GB unless you're rendering some serious videos. 
dax: that too.. 
Soldierman54321 - There's nothing much we can do I'm afraid, since none of us is associated with Mojang.. 
meh. 
no. 
Heyho guys :) Someone from the dev-team/support here? Have a little question to GroupManager. 
 manniL: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
or for shits and giggles. 
how do you make stats?. 
nardev: maybe change the uid for the mount. 
other than that it's extremely hard to max it out if it's not intentional. 
use pisg. 
My client is EVILLLLLLL. 
I can only advise you the usual things, that is make sure you got charged the money, if not buy it again etc.. 
whats up. 
orbii, Logging? Welcome to the age of the internet, where you exchange your privacy for "security". 
Tbh, i think the purchase support is pathetic. 
if there's a potential to hit all 8gb in use. 
I'll install 12gb. 
Hello. Which way to delete every package?. 
honden: jonza can you put some netherwart in the chest next to the brewing standard. 
My new client had to secretly log every channel.. 
lol. 
orbii, All done "for your safety". 
turn on client-side logging, use pisg, don't publish them.. 
I now have to delete all that. :P. 
ahh dont thinkive been up this late. 
~JonZa: Cant. 
or keep it to my self. 
 
And if it doesn't go through, contact the company processing the card payment, that being Moneybookers. 
what you mean it got blocked. 
honden: why. 
~MrCookie: im coming to slap u. 
screw it, too much work.... 
Free Pascal is an open source implementation of object pascal...and they have java compilers too, but I determined to do things the android way when I came to android...I'm also switching my workstation choice from windows to linux so I might use free pascal for native linux programming. 
pacman -R $(pacman -Qq). 
~JonZa: rules. 
there's a bug in my little minecraft mod compo where when I go into a main hall of a millenaire village, my cpu spikes to 100% and lags the crap out of the puter till I can close minecraft. 
I rendered a map of a bigasfuck minecraft world once. 
pretty active around 630 in the mornings. 
reisio, hmm, who does those two things connect?. 
.ask. 
anyhoo...back to the grind...thx for all the insights. 
.ask: If you have a question, please just ask it. Don't look for staff or topic experts. Don't ask to ask or if people are awake. Just ask the question to the channel straight out.. 
Do I really have to delete if theres no intent of public publishing?. 
RainbowDash, that's what I usually do if / when I need to log something.. 
Soldierman54321 - I correct myself, working on mails from two months ago it seems: http://help.mojang.com/customer/portal/articles/359446-when-will-i-hear-back-. 
honden: putting stuff in chest is norule. 
Well, I've made a little plugin about CreativeMode restrictions etc. (http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/gamemodenoplace-prevent-users-pl/) The problem is, a few users have reported a problem with GroupManager. 
heh. That was fun.. 
lol.. 
~JonZa: But spawning it is. 
They are gradually catching up. 
And yea, support is horrible. In their defense, they are catching up though.. 
Has there been an official fix to the repo yet for the pcap crap?. 
 
the city i put was in florida. 
I just woke up and need a non existent coffee.. 
HAHA. 
Stushla. 
heh. 
honden: but putting stuff in chests is no spawning. 
the opposing team's medic from my last pug is in the chat. 
i once molested an alligator. 
:D. 
oh man someone get orbii a blacket. 
My power has been out since yesterday, so I havent been able to check. 
mjr25: hi. 
jesusjr22 - Credit card providers tend to block international payments due to fraud prevention.. 
n*. 
honden: he]. 
what about me?. 
reisio, if i "touch somefile" than "somefile" as Owner in "file properties" have "nardev - Samba guest account". 
manniL, any chance of source code?. 
So call them and ask whether this is the case. (Mojang is based in Sweden, so it's an international payment). 
The plugin handles the block placement in CreativeMode (if a player has the permissions, he can place blockes, otherwise not).. 
and i live in illinois because it said something about that people in illinois cant buy it. 
RainbowDash, How about a capuccino?. 
manniL: you tested yourself?. 
Uhm, yes. . 
^^. 
nardev: a file that's in a samba share, or not?. 
oO we dont need stinking blanket. 
lol. 
manniL: and tried other permission plugins/. 
dunno how anyone has more than 5 browser tabs open. 
loofygun: ?. 
Yes :). 
RainbowDash, Ours is a bit different from the original. 
or pacman -Qq|pacman -R. 
this guy is seriously good at solly. 
oh.. 
i've had more than 5 browser tabs open many times. 
All other permission plugins working well. 
mjr25: is this your home. 
which one?. 
bananas.. 
5 tabs and I have to close down the browser and open a fresh one. 
~MrCookie: no?. 
Hmm, I think there is some issue with Moneybookers there, yea, lemme look whether I find the source.. 
~MrCookie: -.. 
icheesy:   CANT PLACE BLOCKS EVEN WITH gmnp.place HELP I HAVE PEX  I HAVE PEX TOO. 
~MrCookie: -. 
nimred, nothing :). 
yeah. 
Just NO bananas.. 
RainbowDash, Whipped cream, chocolate powder, milk, cinnamon.. 
mjr25: ow. 
once all this learning is done with the bot. 
SecretAgentMan: some people use tabs in place of bookmarks. :|. 
A Whale is pretty impressive. 
manniL, any chance of source code?. 
WANT!. 
reisio, where ever i create file under this user. 
usually due to looking up bukkit plugins or their wikis. 
Yes :). 
i cant imagine someone reading what im saying. 
RainbowDash, and, of course, coffee. :D. 
Illinois hasn't given permission for Moneybookers to process things from their state. 
or minecraft mods. 
I'll use a regex filter to filter out the rank tags. 
and colour codes. 
Kaioshi: wow... that'd be a train wreck.... 
Thats an old one, fixed this a while ago @Necrodoom. 
With international payments, once you contact them though and let them know what it's for, they can then allow such transactions. 
mjr25: do you heve croative. 
RainbowDash, Sure!. 
nardev: in ~/ ?. 
has same Qwner. 
~MrCookie: yes... 
yeah. 
Let me cat those logs and grep xc. :P. 
RainbowDash, It's delicious :D. 
that's the leading cause of mass tab spam. 
I doubt anybody is writing programs for linux in pascal. 
yes. 
http://help.mojang.com/customer/portal/articles/417071 -> "If you live within the state of Illinois or Guam, we are unfortunately unable to process a credit or debit transaction through Moneybookers, as they are licensed on a state to state basis. Their website lists those locations as "coming soon", and we hope to have this as an option in the future.". 
if that were the case id hafta intentionally sound crazy. 
honden: derp derp. 
Reventlov: will xz files in /var/cache/pacman/pkg be deleted?. 
for me, at least. 
yoz. 
mjr25: can i have diamond armor. 
You could try to pay through PayPal using your credit card, jesusjr22.. 
I'm on my iPad.... 
for others it's a crapton of facebook posts (when will people switch to google+?). 
~MrCookie: no. 
maybe i will some time, for Creeper. 
RainbowDash, Simply "grep xc" will get you all the words that have xc in the middle.. 
http://pastebin.com/rm1MdRcT. 
Never.. 
mjr25: :(. 
oh, wait. 
mm coldstone icecream cakes are good. 
not really a performance issue now, since you can set firefox to only load the current tab. 
what do you want to do ?. 
but still stupid. 
and you're sure you're not logged in as a Guest or something like that?. 
but the credit card is blocked until 5 pm today. 
This is the source code for the problematic thing. 
cool. I cant really check cause im using tethering right now. 
lol.. 
google+ is one of those things that's far better than its main competitor in many, many ways, but nobody uses it for some retarded reason. 
It's facebook with less typing fields basically. 
My cable internet is down. 
I'm on google+ doing stuff on there. 
kevinator: and wan u have a diamond armer u wil be band fore Xraying :|. 
wait, so its just 1 node?. 
XD. 
I think that's a Moneybookers thing only, shouldn't affect trying to pay using PayPal + Creditcard.. 
wait…. why am I doing this again?. 
Reventlov: I can not upgrade anymore system. 
no, there are. 
well, i'm, since this username that i use is "older" than samba nstallation. 
lol wat. 
RainbowDash, heh. 
lemme link ya. 
because of conflicts. 
all of my family plays farmville and words with friends on facebook :\. 
to show people im crazy. 
eh?. 
yes. 
nimred: http://www.archlinux.org/news/. 
Mostly though it's to +1 sites for my own reference/interest later on - which others can share in too. 
because you care about uninteresting numbers for some reason. 
chrisward - Err, tried to manually update LWJGL?. 
the others working proper. 
Ok where is that guy. 
ince when does diamond armour  = xray. 
Can I see your plugin.yml. 
tested for myself :). 
WinCamXP: Welcome the world of standards.. 
Sure. 
i hope the realize that A. farmville sucks. 
I can try. 
kk so i caan try and use paypal. 
B. google+ is better. 
yeah it wouldn't be a performance issue for me to have heaps of tabs open... its just pointless.. you end up having to go digging around in your tabs which is as time-consuming as just doing a search for the site again. 
Linus Torvalds uses it!. 
d'you know how? XD. 
No need. 
pcap crap?. 
http://www.coldstonecreamery.com/ mmm. 
RainbowDash, If you forget this and order capuccino now, you also get a caramel or chocolate top on the whipped cream.. 
and C. they're probably stupid. 
read http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=827310&page=2#post11188296 maybe. 
MrCookie, who? hunterboerner?. 
What would it mean if they have fun playing Farmville?. 
too late http://www.freepascal.org/. 
:d. 
what. 
yes. 
Pascal seems rather forgotten. 
chrisward - https://sourceforge.net/projects/java-game-lib/files/Official%20Releases/LWJGL%202.8.4/. 
if somebody has fun playing farmville, it means they need to go to a mental hospital. 
I'd be using && not ||. 
maybe not. 
NEVER. 
I play wordfeud. 
whats E63-I. 
this "Samba guest account" started appearing since i was trying to share some folders with other windows clients in sam e network. 
Linus Torvalds is a fucking hipster. And an angry one at that. Being Finnish and all.. 
C and c++ arr widely used. 
reisio,  this "Samba guest account" started appearing since i was trying to share some folders with other windows clients in sam e network. 
<3 pascal. 
chrisward - Grab neither the source nor the docs nore the applet, but the regular binaries. ;). 
http://pastebin.com/NzMXpErD. 
~MrCookie: -.-. 
because it's available on windows 8. 
Reventlov, jelly1: I haven't been able to update my system since several days/weeks because of hardware problem. 
RainbowDash, And crunchy chocolate balls with rice.. 
and happily ever after. 
~MrCookie: its a phone... 
well for sure. 
okay, thanks. 
nor*. 
wireless finally works. 
Quatroking: ಠ_ಠ. 
RainbowDash, = delicious. 
and I'm not sure why :/. 
i got an account for paypal but with no money. 
now I recovered my machine. 
~Quinton: I bet it is a Nokia. 
their computer must also have linux forcefully installed on it. 
~MrCookie: yep. 
^. 
eww nokia. 
 
h, I'm good at it. 
~Quinton: Than ur dead. 
gtfo. 
~MrCookie: using phone to enter irc*. 
when running pacman -Syyu it fails. 
 
and be forced to use firefox or chrome (their choice of the two, but nothing else). 
~MrCookie: using nokia*. 
Oh chris is right..... 
Quatroking: ok.. 
nokia suxx ballz. 
you misunderstood what I meant. 
read the news. 
honden tried to swim in lava. 
damn. no crackers or cheese. better go to bed. 
the thing is, if the player have the node gmnp.place OR have the gmnp.bypass node he can place blocks,. 
~Quinton: I got samsung. 
jesusjr22 - Either link your credit card to your PayPal account, or just pay with it using one of PayPal's guest accounts.. 
In fact python is much more used than java. 
back to the passing contexts around...there is another class...assetmanager, I think maybe that's whats meant to be passed around for picking out assets...i'm looking into it. 
Otherwise he shouldnt :). 
and they have to have a restraining order-type thing where they must use google+ at least two hours a week. 
I doubt anybody writes end-user applications in pascal for linux. Taking a quick look at the packages section on that site indicates that no modern toolkit is supported. 
yeah I don't see the appeal. I read most of my news through google reader, other than that I have a bookmark toolbar with folders, sorted into categories.. 2-5 tabs open max. 
xc, Oh, so I found someone that also needs crackers and cheese!. 
uuh... lemme double check. 
gmnp.bypass is like a gmnp.* node (not affected at all). 
so that's a strong hint that pascal is simply not used for anything. 
I got ZTE phone :3. 
After having clicked the "Pay with PayPal" button on minecraft.net site there should be a button somewhere on the  left I believe.. 
okey :). 
xc, I never thought I'd find someone else like me. 
~Quinton: Dafuq is that xD. 
hah. 
yes. the only cheese ill eat is from a happy cow.. 
You have them negated though..... 
Any TU around?. 
Orange San Francisco 2. 
:D. 
�100 android ftw. 
w/ crackers :). 
this is actually my sister's netbook, but she NEVER uses t because she has a semi-decent desktop at her disposal. 
i miss cedr n ivorybishop n quilibet n wenchy n chrooted n thomas n njan n dave2 n ttuttle n enchilado n ldunn. 
~Quinton: Lol Idk that. 
plays minecraft at max pretty well. 
I'm happy with my desktop. 
Glad you made it! :-). 
yes. 
~Quinton: I live in holland. 
oh...well I guess i'm not sure on that then, surely someone is...I'll definately concede that it's prolly not much. 
no gtk+, no qt, but there is forms. That's something I last saw like 10 years ago I think. 
yeah, it should be && unless !(p.hasPerm("place") && p.hasPerm("bypass")). 
yep same with me. 
(pseudocode \o/). 
i'm very happy with my custom-built gaming desktop. 
Ermm. 
lol. orbii your b-day is soon.. 
orbii: don't do that >_>. 
i dont got a credit card for paypal though. 
I usually just have reddit, my mail and the reddit wiki open. 
Wtf?. 
sorry, example should be ||. 
So if you only have one of the two permissions that check will always fail. 
sometimes also uTorrent WebUI. 
tcpdump and pcap were causing it non to compile for eberyone yesterday. 
diki: I wouldn't say such things. 
all that's missing is motif support. 
bburhans: why :(. 
xc, I like muzzarella cheese.. 
and the day before ;_;. 
Uhm, you should be able to use your Mastercard as well.. 
horray for cheating \o/. 
yup. 
orbii: seriously, you really, really don't want to nickspam in any large channels on freenode. I promise.. 
i like happy cow cheese. 
diki: especially not given how much internal corporate development is in Java. 
~Quinton: flo agains to all my friends. 
germann: did it get fixed officially?. 
swiftgeek, just ask. 
hrm. I think the Google doodle gets harder the second time aroun. 
 
nardev: think you already said that. 
My bots brain is over 8800 lines!. 
d. 
~Quinton: together we can play some rockn roll. 
xc, Well, every cheese is prepared diferently.. 
the only point to have a laptop/netbook is really just for internetty things you'd do on an outing from home...which is what they were originally intended for. 
or do we still need to pull it in from cm?. 
eph3meral: I took my foot off your tubes. 
bburhans: i probably mdade antispammeta mad. i do that a lot.. 
and all coders tend to learn Java at some point, not all do for Python. 
is everyone cool in Australia? This grandmum is playing spoons. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNY3i6MybpU. 
doesnt || mean OR?. 
Can we use ur bot too?. 
lol. 
xc, Even the things you feed a cow change the taste of it.. 
people always think it's a good idea to get a laptop for everything, though...sigh.... 
i can even make him get angry about channel-wide CTCP despite those being banned in here. 
they are all hiding from you. 
reisio, in case you missed it :(. 
I have a laptop because I work on it while at school. 
last I heard they were trying to find somebody with  the cloud to make an androind_external_libpcap repo, then I went and got drunk. 
reddit wiki, Quatroking ?. 
it's a pretty terrible bot.. 
huh. 
even if i got an account for paypal i can us emy dads mastercard on paypal. 
waste of money, people.... 
sure. 
clout*. 
i7 920 @ 3.8ghz, 12GB 1333mhz DDR3...512mb 9600gt. 
its laughing cow lol i thought i was happy cow - well same thing. 
use !converse. 
 
>_>. 
Calinou, er, MC wiki. 
derp. 
 
heh. 
xc, lol. 
I have one of each ;). 
ahah. 
i know ... ;] I just need to somebody orphan this package. 
Calinou is here to tell us things we like are bad!. 
https://aur.archlinux.org/packages.php?ID=13033. 
Title: AUR (en) - perl-wx (at aur.archlinux.org). 
how many people are on the server. 
Quatroking: but if you wanted to do more serious gaming, you should also have a desktop for that purpose. 
oh i see. 
Kaioshi, <opcheck>shaddap</opcheck>. 
My power went out at about 4PM EST yesterday, so.... 
xc, it could be a troll clow. 
.players. 
Online (12/30): 23haz23 Matspet00 Playerz coollew3 crazyclara honden kevinator laser98 mjr25 ~JonZa ~MrCookie ~Quinton. 
23haz23 was slain by Matspet00. 
there's a reddit wiki?. 
shitty. 
Sqozza, nice CPU :P. 
xc, the cheese would taste horrible. 
orbii, what's up with your Country? Grandmas playing the spoons to the Black Keys and a bunch of other epicness. 
hello gurus - for some unknown reason all of my users money accounts reset back to default.  i use essentials economy ....any one know why this would happen?. 
 dagen31: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
O_o. 
let me check your code @chrisward. 
nice RAM. 
~MrCookie: lol :D?. 
The tree in front my house got hit by lightning and tok the wires with it. 
~Quinton: rymate please stop that shit xD. 
yah I'm happy to be picking up a popular language...getting help in delphi could be such a chore at times...but make no mistake there is a diehard group of developers out there that you'll have to rip pascal out of their cold dead hands...not many, but they are kind of insane. 
laptop for work, desktop for fun. 
we lost internet, phones, and ac at work yesterday. 
considering releng is dead (both the channel and the dept), i'll re-ask here; what's up with the pierre's patchset (in particular "Remove aif")?. 
This package has been flagged out of date. (Sat, 23 Jun 2012 11:10:14 +0000). 
the gpu stinks. 
any cool features planned for b40?. 
WinCamXP, of course, I have an i7 2700k with 16GB ram and an hd6970 for that. 
coollew3: !converse. 
at about 4pm. 
bburhans: would you like to chat?. 
Matspet00: try to kill my frend i kill u. 
in 'merrika all my grandparents do is drink and make pie. 
ame. 
swiftgeek, it was marked today. 
yes, gpu is balls. 
give it time. 
Don't use chris's. 
this cheese is good: http://www.thelaughingcow.com/. 
AMD sucks Quatroking. 
I think I know your system specs by heart now Sqozza. 
Sup. 
dagen31: using online service host?. 
same*. 
yo have to be in the irc ;). 
yep. 
~MrCookie: -.-. 
Morrolan, you're amazing *throws cookies at you*. 
but we didn't really lose power. 
happens when you're a regular here. 
"waste of money, people...". 
http://search.cpan.org/~mbarbon/Wx/. 
especially for minecraft-style games (lots of polygons). 
chrooted_mother: australia is full of awesome and win. 
Title: Mattia Barbon / Wx - search.cpan.org (at search.cpan.org). 
Use your own, jut double check your logic. 
it did flicker though. 
I still had my solar though. 
hey branic. 
jesusjr22 - After you selected "PayPal" as a payment option and selected "Proceed" you should end up on some PayPal site, right? Where it asks you to log in etc.. 
MC sucks though. 
thankfully. 
chrisward - Heh. :). 
upgrade that gpu for 250 dollar Sqozza. 
my laptop is an i5 460m with 4GB ram and an Geforce 420m. 
and follow the normal procedure of mail maintainer, mail ML. 
also glitchy, and crappy linux support. 
Tucos, that's a surprise. 
oh amd > nvidia again. 
 
WinCamXP: I'm on a Mac. 
Hello again Necro. 
Reventlov: not sure I will be able to update. 
money accounts did not all reset at once  it was a few here and a few there over the course of 2 days, and no i dont use a host. 
we gots the same cpu. 
lolmac. 
~MrCookie: wtf :D. 
if i could rebuilt my computer with different parts, i'd go with an i5 2500k, but for now i'm stuck with a phenom ii x4 955. 
His is an awkward counter example. 
orbii, I am going to invade your country and fill it with gingers and exhibitionism. 
So I could keep my fridge and freezer running, and some lighting I have. 
warchicken: picking up a 280 soonish. 
ioni: as in, for the users or for you?. 
it was because of the electrical storm that was going over. 
"fuck you nvidia". 
Calinou, fuck off. 
should suffice. 
~Quinton: Annoying level 1000. 
they released a new 7970 "Ghz edition". 
get iconomy, dagen XD. 
6. 
Reventlov: isn't it a better idea to remove and reinstall?. 
oh, wait. I think we mean different thing :D. 
Quatroking: <3. 
nvidia FTW. 
lol, the x4's are horrible. 
manniL: should you check for bypass, then check for place node?. 
^. 
faster than the 680. 
Tucos, we are dropping aif for something nicer. 
I have my whole kitchen wired to LED lighting as a backup. 
hell. 
Kaioshi, it's amd > intel or ati > nvidia. 
I use both amd and nvidia and I don't give a shit. 
YAY buggy fancy clouds?. 
GAHHHHHHHHHHHHH. 
i have a gasoline generator at home, if power goes out it's no biggie. 
shouldnt*. 
yahright.. 
\o/. 
\o/. 
I just happen to buy more amd because it's cheaper. 
the x6 1055T failed to outperform my Q66600. 
ioni: just look at release dates. AUR package stopped in december :<. 
Tucos, because aif is unmaintained and is broken. 
also, why'd he only send half the patchset?. 
ati doesn't exist anymore, news to you?. 
Holland summed up inone picture (NSFW) : http://i.imgur.com/dYQTE.jpg. 
for virtualization stuff. 
jesusjr22 - On that page you can select "Don't have a PayPal account?", then a form will pop up where you can select to pay with your Mastercard.. 
MikeHunted: all we need to do is fork the new pcap. 
if you plan ahead then when things happen you're prepared!. 
hi. :). 
I have a generator too, but I rarely use it. 
mhm, yes.. 
I NEED MORE DRIVERS, DAMNIT!!. 
ati = amd and has always been. 
mac os x is a very nice, sleek and clean os, it's just the hardware in macs is not very good and they sell it for fuckloads of cash. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lofgud4wLLo. 
it does exit?. 
likewise. 
This HDD is making a sound I can only describe as a death rattle.. 
~MrCookie: i ll do that all day. 
click ALL the NSFW links!. 
Reventlov: ?. 
Its not like it would run the WHOLEhouse anyway. 
it better be clogs. 
ioni: and the alternative is what? the thing archboot uses?. 
no need, but i should run it more often. 
is there any way to transfer existing accounts from esentials to iconomy?. 
playin' a wobble-board.. 
also, TIL girls like NSFW links. 
Keiran: That's not too NSFW. 
MikeHunted: repo sync didn't pull in any new projects. 
i was baggage hold on an alaska airlines flight drunk and had that cheese to eat - man that cheese is awesome. 
swiftgeek, orphaned. 
they removed the ati branding. 
gdanko: right. 
I hear they don't have homophobes or rascists in australia.. 
in*. 
or just yet another unmaintained installer?. 
That's like recommending PEX.. 
Tucos, something cool and neat. 
Good thing I finished importing everything important, now to look through my old files which are useless.. 
Kaioshi: I had no idea.. 
Lovecraft: no, they definitely exist.. 
 
MikeHunted, as long as my food doesn't spoil i'm happy. 
orbii, kind of reminds me of that1guy. 
Im just waiting it to be official. 
mac os x sucks. 
Tucos, you'll see. 
I wasn't disappointed. 
meh, so radeon it is. 
they're making packaging fucking hard. 
<Tucos> yahright.. 
O-o. 
h: I like your pants.. 
dagen31: no need for that. 
complicating the life of software developers. 
fucked up distro is fucked up big time.. 
i has radeon hd 6850. 
mucus: right, thats why I have solar :). 
iconomy is amazing :(. 
~MrCookie: wtf :D?. 
back to the origins. 
 
 
dagen31: does it happen for active players?. 
Hi. 
supposed to be a midrange gaming card. 
I hate mac, apple and mac os with a burning passion.. 
Chris why would you wish iconomynon anyone". 
manual installation!. 
=). 
that fucked up /arch/setup script or just nothing?. 
~MrCookie: errmm. 
7850 here. 
Remember, I left this channel *before* it became the local 4chan outpost. Remember that.. 
ioni: thanks. 
I gots a 5880. 
i want to do solar, but to do it right...there's so much to do. 
I has radeon hd 6970. 
right.. 
haven't found a game that didn't at least run on high. 
KHo, do you know if you re planning on adding the damage values to things like the item-blacklist? I think it was ticketed... If not, I'll make one now. 
.... 
it runs crysis. 
yes. 
I liek iconomy :(. 
kk. 
(the one made with gold blocks). 
negative sir. 
you need giant vat batteries, a bunch of cells. 
I liek you being back!. 
orbii: what about?. 
I have mobility 4250. 
:(. 
ZoBiVan: hi. 
23haz23 tried to swim in lava. 
i like how you get pentalty points on your driving licence if you're disqualified. 
Tucos, some helping scripts. 
I have nine small panel, and like 8 dry cell batteries, its plenty. 
 
I'd love a SSD or something in my netbook. 
crysis is a 2007 game. 
that'd honestly be quite nice. 
I haven't not been able to run anything yet tho. 
man, samsung is taking forever to pick up. 
the problem is, if I have no nodes at all I can place blocks anyway @Necrodoom. 
nothing fancy. 
YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO DRIVE! six points.. 
I feel like I'm watching a childrens performance. 
rymate1234: at least it's not intel. 
trololo.. 
afternoon all, been trying to get my desktop working again for hours i've tried various things such as mounting the filesystem via livecd and just can't figure out what the problem is. 
ye. 
~MrCookie: ermmm. 
what would you recomend for economy plugin?. 
but i do got a paypal but with no money. 
OP?. 
dagen31: can you paste startup.log?. 
lol. 
intel is baaaad. 
.newlog. 
.newlog: Stop your server, move your server.log out of the craftbukkit directory. Start your server, let it load completely, then stop it. A new server.log will be created, please upload it to http://pastie.org or http://pastebin.com and post the link in the channel.. 
And hi LyokoFreaks.. 
something that'd be on disney. 
.... 
nop. 
salve. 
no. 
intel FTW. 
Sqozza, yep. 
you should believe me dude. 
newer integrated intel chips. 
hey Altazimuth. 
SSDs, meh. 
are pretty good. 
Calinou: Cool. I don't really like Apple and neither Microsoft, but I'm not going to hate on a widespread operating system, that's just silly.. 
oh, i do.. 
ummmm.... its HUGE  we have over 40 plugins. 
chrooted_mother, Pies can be delicious. 
bburhans: iunno, i dont think we've really chatted much.. uhm .. hi? .. i'm a silly aussie geek.  i do unix/netadmin/programming-type stuff. how's about you?. 
nothing for proper gaming obviously. 
MS > apple at leastr. 
oh, intel graphics are still shit, yes. 
-r. 
want the proof?. 
but they're pretty capable. 
<Tucos> fucked up distro is fucked up big time.. 
doenst work for me :S. 
just startup. 
Calinou: No not really.. 
Chris... Ess Eco is more or less iconomy minus lag. 
you're all just hipsters. 
intel graphics suck balls (4000 is okay though). 
chrooted_mother, And are healthier than McDonalds' food. 
Megabyte, always delicious. Pecan pie is the greatest. 
I also have it wired to power my some of my laptops, my converter has USB also. 
~MrCookie: loool. 
chrooted_mother: childish premise, loveable characters, humourous moments, and deep moral undertones?. 
@BranicYeti : no. 
i said i believe you. the patch shows enough.. 
integrated intel is quite capable, just don't play skyrim. 
is there a ubuntu secuirty channel?. 
I just made sure to have a non-intel gpu in my laptop when I got it. 
~MrCookie: loved that one*. 
eh, matter of opinion I guess. 
the HD GMA's in the new i series chips are honestly quite nice.. 
Tucos, https://github.com/falconindy/arch-install-scripts. 
enjoy small FOSS games :P. 
woop, I can play games. 
Title: falconindy/arch-install-scripts · GitHub (at github.com). 
and i have over 30 users right now i dont want to kick for a restart  lol. 
~Quinton: How to do that bot xD. 
at the moment its booting up via systemd and throwing me into emergency mode and can't figure out why. 
I search someone to have some informations about ubuntu server.. 
seen that already.. 
Two sides of the same coin. Equally bad these days now that Apple is stinking rich.. 
manniL, do you have the '*' permission node?. 
"Can you transfer MS Office from one PC to another" - "I can try". 
Not telling ;). 
i am a little "meh" about the computers. 
to americans pie always seems to mean sweet pie .. in australia 'pie' by default means meat :/. 
(Unless you plan on gaming a lot, but if it's a netbook or whatever why would you). 
JoeHazzers, no deep moral undertones, just a tiny kangaroo dance floor. 
there's no internet. 
vcall cointoss. 
I'm a handheld gamer mostly.. 
Calinou called a vote for: cointoss. 
that is true for anything. I still hope for the One Universal Language. It seems to me that java could be almost that, except for the fact it can't be used where C can be, and there's .Net as competitor runtime and its own languages for it. 
my local best buy has, like, 2 desktops that actually have a GPU, every other computer in the entire building has intel graphics. 
I tried !converse but it doenst work. 
Well, I can plug my phonje into my router :P. 
manniL: check if no bypass, then, if theres no bypass, check if its both creative and theres place node?. 
Reventlov: ?. 
orbii: hi! I'm a silly estadounidense nerd. I do linux/perl/web hackery-type stuff. I's about well.. 
Or use my phone as a hotspot, though with less signal. 
I'd probably own a laptop if I didn't fly in to a homicidal rage whenever I'm forced to operate a touch pad. 
3g internet!. 
Playerz: james. 
dagen31: can you atleast extract startup off console?. 
nimred: do what do you want.. 
4g. 
Calinou: ?. 
@BranicYeti: Havent it. 
:o. 
-do. 
:P. 
*cough*americans*cough*. 
Playerz: james i have a problem here. 
also, touchpads suck. 
i got connected to 4g once. 
oh god, farking touchpads. 
james left aaaages ago. 
ok  gimme a min  ill go dig it out. 
it was slower than 3g in my area. 
Sqozza dreams of an HD 3000 while glaring at his 9600.. what a sad state. 
Dafuq xD. 
Playerz: admin. 
;_;. 
morsnowski You still have the option to test it on my device. 
even for officework they're a pain in the bal;ls. 
touchpads are bearable for some things. 
Two hours.... 
Kaioshi: no. 
Playerz: cookie. 
@Necrodoom: I tried yet to check only for gmnp.place and it doenst work anyway.. 
orbii, there's an aussie pie shoppe in NYC. 
~MrCookie: ?. 
ASUS routers have been supporting mobile phones for awhile now. 
Reventlov: that is to say?. 
At least a couple years. 
Playerz: can you help me. 
I'm just saying they're acceptable if you don't feel like gaming. 
If you select that you have a paypal account, you won't be able to pay with no money on there. That's why he suggested that you select that you don't have one so that you can pay using the credeit card option instead. 
Keiran: magic underpants sexy time?. 
no just no, touchpads suck. 
manniL: always returns false, even with enabling it?. 
better have a mouse. 
i wish they'd put a trackball-type thing in laptops and netbooks, just a ball you roll around. 
mucus: thats very odd. 
GiffGaff/O2 3G/2G- SOOO FUCKING SLOW. 
you're free to reinstall everything if you like it. Not my problem if you can't read the news to read the fix.. 
even when not gaming. 
do I have to ban Calinou again. 
bburhans: i like perl.. lots of people think it's horrible, but i like it.. 
it's near where they record the david letterman show. 
~MrCookie: ?. 
no you don't. 
please. 
yes. 
is it good?. 
or one of those little nub pointer things. 
gladly. 
MikeHunted, i think i was at the edge of the 4g area when i found it. 
-_-. 
I diable my touchpad. 
Playerz: i asked james to help me protect my house and now i have no permission. 
aye. 
i've booted up without sysytemd however it boots up and then the screen goes blank, i've set nomodeset in the grub2 command line. 
Altazimuth: ummmmm.... 
very good. 
AmbushReality: meh, you have a shitty phone, shut up :P. 
hallo. 
it was disconnecting tons and whatnot. 
<3 pies. 
Exactly. :). 
same rymate1234. 
*disable. 
if she meant office files, then go ahead. 
diable... lol. 
~MrCookie: lol?. 
Reventlov: not so easy to follow news to update.... 
WinCamXP, dell still uses those on some models. 
and just can't figure out whats wrong. 
nope. 
that would do it, what service?. 
Playerz: here. 
Reventlov: at least in my case. 
kann mir hier vllt einer weiter helfen. 
i'm virgin. 
Erealz: nope. 
if she meant ms ofice apps, be like WTF MOM STOP USING THAT SHIT GET librEOFFIE. 
?. 
Already did that. 
I like to call them vagina nubs. 
oh lol. 
~Quinton: !converse Playerz. 
libreoffice. 
but that's sprint actually. 
wimax blows. 
I actually quite like the clit.. 
lol. 
honden: yeah]. 
it so does. 
and their 3g.... oh boy is it slow. 
~Quinton: DAFUQ XD. 
Erealz: there's #ubuntu-hardened, I guess. 
nimred: and, wait, I don't know anything about your case. 
put ima put the credit card to da pay[al. 
mjr25 tried to swim in lava. 
yes. 
honden: lol. 
well, if you hadn't seen our earlier discussion, the consumer dell today is very very bad. 
clits. 
still, C and Java do not look like the most horrible pair and they can cover a large chunk of the spectrum from low-level programming to fairly high-level programming. The highest levels can still execute on the jvm, and there are numerous choices for such scripting.. 
hi redstonehelper. 
~MrCookie: sec. 
worse than fucking vzw 3g. 
business dell is alright though. 
hi Calinou. 
and thats saying something. 
ich will die op gruppe die es ja schon von anfang an gibt bearbeiten. 
any guidence would be nice. 
gimme a second :). 
jesus you guys are prejudiced. 
WinCamXP, they only have them on business dell. 
bloß ich finde nix. 
coollew3: lol whats happening. 
wo man das könnte. 
so many goddamn twats in this server, redstonehelper. 
just 'cause it's a PC doesn't mean you're supposed to supermax Crysis 2 on it. 
prejuiced*. 
ICH NOT BIN GERMAN, NEIN. 
*but. 
Playerz: lol i can't lock my door. 
why'd you go for the meat pie?. 
~MrCookie: done. 
ICH LIKE EATING SAUERBRATEN. 
slow as all fucking hell. 
crysis 2 is a shitty game. 
pls. 
yeah. 
Eagleman7, I'm not going to connect to your router, i just don't like the thought of it. 
vzw 3g avewrages abouyt 150K tops. 
oh. em. gee.. 
+1. 
http://www1.whdh.com/news/articles/local/12007809796852/meet-carla-logan-airport-s-newest-employee/. 
never played it. 
but thanks for the trust. 
consumer dell is bad for many more reasons other than hardware. 
Playerz: why i can't lock my door?. 
some people don't need to game, so a dualcore and integrated graphics works absolutely fucking fine for them. 
same, but +1.. 
'When I had sprint, it was like 50. 
Dinnerbone, the memorial picture from yesterday is doing the thing again, in 13 minutes I think. 
customer support for= one. 
honden: xD. 
so I certainly would appreciate it personally if we looked jvm as the runtime to use for running most of the system on.. 
lol i love the comments: http://www.perlmonks.org/?node_id=971463. 
fucking bloatware for another. 
Shh Mik. 
I'm tempted to ask for that again but this time in English :). 
~Quinton: U got to learn the skillz. 
you can only be in one photo, redstonehelper. 
i'm so glad 3G hasn't been adopted here in India by many. upto 1 MB/s speeds at all times for that reason. 
*MikeHunted. 
next time i go to hk i need to get connected to some data. 
Tralalalala. 
Reventlov: do I have to replace python2-dbus?. 
nyan. 
and the wimax was a joke, they had it in my city, but only in the imeddiate downtown area, for a few blocks. 
Oh, okey. It works now proper. Strange ^^ . 
that would be the beesknees. 
It gets the job done:). 
Thanks for you help guys!. 
And what about a RDP Connection to my pc so i can see what you'r doing on my router?. 
oh I see. 
sorry :P. 
Have a nice day ;). 
rymate can u make me irc mod. 
mjr25: E. 
Windows 98 startup sound @:. 
Playerz: i still have no permission. 
keep up the good work on your plugin. 
FFS OlaHughson, what is your beef with MS?. 
nobody from german here?. 
Playerz: cookie. 
technically jvm can even do its own memory management, so things like virtual memory aren't required with it. 
too much coffee. 
"medium" speed cable internet there was 100down. 
:o. 
I will :). 
Playerz: i still have no permission. 
closed source, shitty decisions, prices. 
but that's probably getting too radical for most people. 
mucus: whebn I lived in boston, I used to bring my laptop over to the MIT media lab, 1GB fiber, and I'd download dvd's in seconds :P. 
and the fact that 99% of lamers use it. 
so ubuntu was born. 
I loved it. 
NEIN. 
 that cobble: http://imgur.com/a/KgOzp#0 – old texture? . 
Merbo: as braindead as it should be. 
kevinator: cool a vilige. 
second worst distrp, after defunct mandriva. 
tablet sounds like a nicer alternative to a laptop. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlLeQrERbpg. 
ZekeS: never enough coffee. 
afaik. 
yes. 
ok , thanks :D. 
depends on the usage. 
bloatware is easily uninstalled. 
I liked the old cobble :<. 
So 3 of your reasons to hate MS are reasons to hate many other companise like. 
Apple. 
for me, a tablet is more of a fun-and-games thing. 
the shame was i didn't know where to dl from so i was always getting bottlenecked by crappy servers. 
</random whining>. 
bye bye. 
Unless its microsoft surface. 
Anyone with some grub-fu around? Some new hardware is giving me indigestion.. 
any one has tips on touch typing?. 
still, if we could agree to do virtual memory in software, we could remove that stuff from hardware and probably get a nice performance boost as side effect.. 
hate the software keyboards :|. 
Playerz: cookie why i still have no permission. 
My 4Gb Sandisk SD card used to get recgnised but now I dont get it on Places???? its not getting mounnted.... 
i am not an apple fan ;o. 
orbii: not busy. Just distracted. :D. 
me too :(. 
currently I have a netbook. 
Within a couple days my 1TB external was full, and I was needing to delete stuff constantly to keep getting more. 
~MrCookie: try. 
ew. 
how can I mount 4GB SD Sandisk card. 
i hated it!. 
hey, so i don't appear to have a copy of acpid on my system. could this be why acpi is giving mostly faulty infos?. 
I haven't used a software keyboard yet on a tablet. 
~JonZa: My new fight arena is ready!. 
which is used for well, wordprocessing, IRC and occaisonally torrenting things or whatever. 
I just happen to have few apple computers, becasue i collect and play with varipus machines and OSes. 
cokeaddict: google has it. 
rymate1234, ah, so can we assume you've already used Surface?. 
i need another tb or two in my life. 
though, I hate laptop keyboards just as much. 
Well, I suspect it's UEFI giving me the indigestion.. 
no lol. 
Usenet and a good conection blows the doors off of torrents. 
XD. 
~MrCookie: test. 
desktop, which is used for whateverthefuckelse. 
MikeHunted, so deleted old porn for new porn every day? :p. 
cokeaddict: Practice, really.. 
~MrCookie: wait. 
But why? Win > OSX. 
then what the fuck kind of opinion do you have"?. 
phone, which is used for nethack. 
UdontKnow, xD. 
idk. 
-". 
i hate the chiclet style that's become standard in laptop keyboards. 
Quatroking: I fucking love you.. 
~MrCookie: cause there is someone elses protection. 
who dls porn? it's all available streaming. 
Just for calling him out on that.. 
nimred: err, python2-dbus is the current package; boru: I ~might~ be able to help ... except I haven't played with a UEFI system.  Still, ask vOv. 
honden: wow. 
~JonZa: !. 
he does. 
SecretAgentMan: got a tablet?. 
Why would I download porn? there is plenty streming porn sites for free. 
what happened to keys with depth. 
Playerz: ok. 
UdontKnow, actually I believe it should be a little bit more ai-like. 
that's why 1TB went full. 
^. 
honden: arena. 
:p. 
~MrCookie: under of ur house. 
and i use osx now because Windows is boring  and linux is either *buntu, or OMG DO IT YOURSELF FAGGOT. 
Eagleman7, no I'm not going to connect to your systems. I'm sorry but that is no option.. 
nope. 
PixelScript: heretic. 
 
ok  here is the start log from about 9 hours ago. 
~MrCookie: s u cant dig there. 
xD. 
~JonZa: there is fighters rooms down there. 
I like my netbook's keyboard. 
http://pastie.org/4137891. 
I might make muffins later today. 
Maybe the ankles-down should be wireframe.. 
Anyone for #wolfgame. 
honden: i know. 
Ok, thanks for helping anyway. 
minecraft wont load, and my screen goes black. i have to log out to fix it. halp?. 
Justlots of applications, games, music and movies. 
it's a little bit more cramped than my desktop one, but it's okay to type on. 
nah haven't got one, haven't been able to justify the purchase to myself yet. 
no. 
~JonZa: Lounges. 
nope, Altazimuth. 
Newzbin 4 life :D. 
My life is boring, you don't see me killing myself?. 
I personally think Surface _looks_ rather interesting, for the keyboard alone. 
windows<osx. 
bburhans: muffins are great .. any particular flavour?. 
~Quinton: .invsee playerz. 
a keyboard inside the cover is just genius. 
everything<OpenVMS. 
Lies. 
~Quinton: Failz. 
I'm thinking of making a blues cover of barbie girl. 
honden: aah. 
this one's keyboard is okay, but I still like the keyboard from my ancient-as-hell Dell inspiron better than most modern ones. 
when will you mojangles learn to stop linking at things!?. 
although e-reader is looking like a good reason to get one. 
~MrCookie: good... 
i like my muffins with coffee, but i prefer tea with scones.. 
Like said sorry I couldn't help you better. 
~JonZa: Nice huh?. 
Altazimuth: nope, i have been using osx on intel now, and on PPC in the past. 
i don't stream porn, nor download. only transfer from friends' hard disks who get it who knows where :p. 
~MrCookie: yep. 
xD. 
I heard the keyboard was an attachment you could take off. 
I grabbed the asus transformer.. first generation ones are reasonably priced now. 
honden: yeah cool. 
~JonZa: better than the old i built. 
and then i don't watch it >.<. 
and word processing while travelling. 
dagen31: you have iconomy. 
I had like every game out for nintendo wii at the time. 
kevinator blew up. 
muffin + coffee? Usually it's donuts.... 
~JonZa: and underground. 
orbii: hmm. I have the stuff for either blueberry or chocolate-chip. I can make cinnamon ones, but just cinnamon by itself is no fun. :D. 
Get a clean installation, start the launcher -> options -> force update -> log in as usual.. 
I think i have to physically connect it then. 
i'd only get the surface because windows 8 supports actual windows programs. 
failtime, I look too often to the keyboard. 
and buy another switch. 
ZekeS, neat. So, I've installed a new mobo. Now, with one HDD (Arch install), everything is working fine (It's detected as sda). But when I plug in my other drives, it's detected as sdb/sdc.. 
bburhans: yeah, i'd probably go blueberry.. 
Cause the wii is so easy to play "backups, all you need to crack it is a sd card. 
how do you like it?. 
definitely.. 
rymate1234, IIRC the keyboard is placed inside the cover which you probably can take off. 
dagen31: already. 
it's hilarious when a new android tablet comes out priced at $800 and doesn't sell and they're wondering why noone buys them. 
kevinator: way kant i ue /back. 
since all ports on the router are in use. 
~Quinton: Afrojack - No Beef. 
it's just the total system that matters. It has to be able to provide the features. If we simply decide that nobody sane runs anything but the virtual machine software on bare metal, then all the bare metal has to do is enough to get the virtual machine running.. 
the cover is also 3mm thick jesus christ. 
i did that.. 
I wanna crack mine! XD. 
I've tried messing around with the grub prompt. 
\o/. 
I'd buy a transformer if I had the money. 
so fancy looking. 
it does it with a few other games as well, but not all of them. 
Then I had a 250GB usb drive plugged in permanently. 
the motorola xoom family edition is a very good android tablet, it's also very cheap. 
AmbushReality: its soooo easy. 
boru: use uuid in grub (you're using grub2 I assume; grub-mkconfig uses uuids I thought >.>). 
I love how dax appears temporarily, just to say no. 
yes  . 
 
cokeaddict: You could always do what they did in my typing classes back in school. Get a box with the front cut out and put that over the keyboard.. 
then asus transformer is like the same price. 
Microsoft Office is best office. 
donuts..... there's donuts in the fridge!. 
cokeaddict: i look at the keyboard 2 - which makes me frustrted becuase i can think 1000x ffaster then i can type. 
Seriously, you just need like a 1GB sd card. 
how can I mount $GB Sandisk SD card, its not getting recognized. 
 
I'm just using grub at the moment.. 
well not all the time. 
dagen31: thus, you dont use essentialseconomy. 
just like Windows is best OS. 
it could be. 
4GB. 
both will do far more than some shitty ipad ever will. 
Sqozza, that's the same reason people buy alienware pretty much. 
Merbo: dax is omniscent. 
the ports your router provides are most likely all behind the routing part of the router, you are trying to get in front of that part. 
we use the /eco commands. 
Full size sd, or a micro with adapter. 
hello. 
because of the cases. 
I dont have aa sd, just a microsd. 
ms ofice could be best if. 
They dont read high capacity sd though. 
Well, this is an old install.. 
No adapter. 
thats essentials right?. 
I'll probably get a new phone first. 
not cases. 
which, by the way, are low-quality plastic. 
SecretAgentMan: it's nice.. would buy the dock for the keyboard + extended battery life if I used it more. 
alienwares....ohmygod so much baaaad. 
nork you reading chat there?. 
just the ability to like. 
S3s are looking nice. 
wasopen sourced and using a normal file format, like libreoffice. 
coollew3: !converse coollew3. 
that blows, most the ones i buy come with adapter. 
Around 5 years or so.. 
why are you using 2 eco plugins at the same time. 
the docking thing. 
WinCamXP, If you get the surface for windows apps, make sure you don't get the non arm version. 
xc: practice. wanna typeracer? ;). 
/raritywhy) Mom! Microsoft won't share!. 
Hmm.. 
gn #archlinux. 
What. 
looks coo. 
and looking like that another office thing which i dont remember name of. 
S3 is old as shit. 
No, dax is a staffer. 
:P. 
~MrCookie: ermm wtf?. 
alienwares will do these to you:. 
afaik the arm version only allows metro apps. 
1. melt your balls. 
boru: with uefi? o_o. 
Jesus christ do they even still make S3?. 
and limited desktop apps. 
Goodnight to all from xc. 
2. make you bankrupt. 
nu-uh, dax is omniscent.. 
not sure how to pull the essentials economy. 
Obviously the phones dont come with adapters though, and all our phones come with sd cards nowadays here. 
which was proprietary but looked cool. 
~MrCookie: erm*. 
what's typeracer?. 
Rage.. 
:<. 
 
im new to this server config biz. 
ahh I mean S4. 
laser98 was slain by Enderman. 
not giving permission for commands. 
I havent bought a phone in years that didnt have a sd ar, besides the gnex. 
3. make you pull your pubic hair out because it broke. 
nope, cba to do anything but idle there while I do other things. 
Zekes, aye. And it'll boot fine with just the one drive in there.. 
chrooted_mother: where you can race against other people - typing. 
fuck those brats. 
Playerz: cookie look this. 
donuts in a fridge? how queer. 
or just disabling commands. 
wat. 
what typerracer ?. 
everything must be open source!. 
I bet I could beat half the people here. 
S4 what?. 
i guess they keep longer that way. 
no to what ?. 
But I guess using /dev ids is probably silly.. 
SecretAgentMan, hold on for a second, what are you talking about. 
wat. 
those facists shouldn't keep their hard work to themselves!. 
LyokoFreaks: well, not exactly.. 
The grub1 from the repoes doesn't even support UEFI >.>. 
Hmm. 
~MrCookie: ?. 
anyway, using 2 eco plugins at once is just recipe for disaster. 
lemme find the screenshot. 
kthxbai. 
AmbushReality: I think originally i pulled one out of my sisters digi cam. 
tthis is pretty cool :D. 
I'm starting to think you're talking about a different S3 than I am. 
Playerz: the protection is this level. 
honden: jonza can we trade. 
THat's what I'm using. 
no thanks. 
~MrCookie: so. 
is it anything like vim-adventures orbii ? like a video game :) ?. 
I would be fine with just bimnaries of old versions. Mandatory. Under penalty of death.. 
And it seems to work fine.. 
You dont need it permanently though, it would help. 
S3 video card quatro?. 
well, either way, https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/GRUB#By_UUID. 
~JonZa: i have nothing to trade. 
Title: GRUB - ArchWiki (at wiki.archlinux.org). 
yeah I'm talking about the Samsung Galaxy S 4G mobile phone device :). 
XD. 
Dont need to see your twatty fanboys. 
Playerz: it has a ulimted protection. 
Kaioshi, yes. 
honden: 2 slimeballs for 10 gunpowder. 
like, being able to download photoshop cs2 rom Adobe  for free <3. 
 
yeah that died afaik. 
Haha, vim-adventures was amusing.. 
or windows 2000 from MS. 
ok.... makes sence....  do you know anything about chest shop?. 
I have a usb adaptor for my microsd. 
so why should they have to give out their stuff?. 
that doesn't make any sense. 
I have my camera one. 
S3 video 4 lyfe. 
I also turned mine into a dvd player. 
Hello.  I'm having trouble buying Minecraft with an American Express card.  I click the AMEX icon on http://www.minecraft.net/store/game and it takes me to a provider that doesn't list AMEX in it's dropdown list of credit cards.. 
honden: if you trade its not spawning. 
I'll give this one a shot. Thanks.. 
i liked it but i dont wanna pay. 
because they sell new versions so they dont make profit on ond?. 
old?. 
SecretAgentMan: Galaxy S III did just come out. 
But the newer ones cant play dvds evenw hen cracked. 
hi folks - anybody else running ubuntu with an alternate window manager (non-gnome, non-kde, non-lxde)? I've just installed ubuntu 12.04 and am shocked to see that even more tools and applications are either missing or not interoperable anymore - maybe someone knows some workarounds...? (specifically: gnome-power-manager seems no longer available as separate daemon, and trayer doesn't display a lot of applet icons anymore?). 
~MrCookie: u can build now. 
I had an S3 Virge I think. 
or they abandoned the product but hopbbyists wanna use it?. 
~JonZa: But still,i spawned those items for me. 
i think its because i messed with the .dll's once. i fixed it, but still... 
~MrCookie: try. 
Will I need to regenerate boot images or anything on /boot?. 
Same here... plus I already know vim, so I wasn't getting anything out of it.. 
great linux support at the time. 
adminshop signs to be specific. 
 If you need help making signs, check out this usage guide: http://ess.khhq.net/wiki/Sign_Tutorial. 
UUIDs - the solution to shifting sdx :) (make sure /etc/fstab is also using UUIDs, if your drives are shifting). 
Mine also streams stuff along with the normal netflix app. 
oh.. 
I've seen an advert for the SIII. 
well.. 
honden: k. 
if they don't want to share they should not be alloowed to live.. 
dagen31: nope, sorry. 
quadcore and shit. 
http://play.typeracer.com/?rt=trorbii. 
haha. 
AmbushReality: you can use that then. 
Playerz: thx. 
ZekeS: why not lvm + grubw?. 
~MrCookie: erm?. 
Seriously, do it. 
dagen31: but essentials has its own shop signs. 
one of them, eh?. 
gonna lose. 
honden: anybody want to trade i want gunpowder. 
i think thank and typeracing would fit together nicely. 
murricans get a dualcore version of the SIII :P. 
Id have to do some persuasion. 
think thank thunk. 
I didn't know that the general public knows what a fucking quadcore is. 
lmao nooo. 
~MrCookie: want me to delete all?. 
Its the only thing that ever keeps my wii from not collecting dust. 
coollew3: yes please. 
Grim_Reaper, goddamned right you bleed. 
Playerz: no. 
And that is using it as a cheap media device. 
i know  i am using chestshop for the adminshops and essentials enchant and heal digns. 
It fuckinog sucks for gaming. 
everyone who sdisagrees.. 
coollew3: i didnt want to ask cos i didnt wat to be a bother. 
openstandards: nobody mentioned lvm. 
tsigns. 
yeah I'd order overseas if I had to. 
ZekeS, thank you. I'm a bit sleep deprived, I don't know why I didn't think of this.. 
Quatroking : It's...something with four cores. Isn't that kinda...obvious?. 
kodomo: GNOME things usually require GNOME deps, has ever been thus. 
AmbushReality: most people wouldnt even know their wii is cracked. 
It doesnt change how it works at all. 
why did i click on that link. 
~MrCookie: oh do u want that area?. 
lol. 
why.. pretty sure we get the quad version. 
bleh, slow.. 
coollew3: nope. 
Earnestly: https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Persistent_block_device_naming. 
It just adds one or two channels to the dashboard. 
i need to re-hack my wii. 
coollew3: i was trying something out. 
lol all i saw was orbii hauling ass. 
Hello. Anyone knows whether there are any PGP/GPG signatures available for ANY Arch install/boot ISO?. 
is that bad too?. 
because all plants crave brawndo. 
Does anyone use Daddycheese hosting ? I do and my GroupManager has stopped working ?. 
 Damo666: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
really? we get the better version over the yanks?. 
Maybe one for the homebrew channel, and one for the backup loader channel. 
come on, race?. 
sauerbraten was a good game.. 
reisio: the first may be - the latter definitely not. 
sort of. 
what are the rules on installing to /opt. 
they get a dual core cpu, but better GPU. 
Or you can launch everything from the homebrew channel if you want, but that requires the sd. 
morsnowski i was able to get a WAN address from the router using a virtual adapter. 
kodomo: k, what's the latter, again?. 
honden hit the ground too hard. 
I've used gnome tools in hardy - no problem. 
dagen31: no, just wierd. 
honden: finally. 
I like MS's many demands it makes for Win8 tablets. 
I used this guide: http://www.flexjunk.com/2010/01/06/utilizing-att-u-verse-static-ips-with-openwrt/. 
Earnestly, thanks.. 
my browsers (chrome,firefox) are all crashing.  i think its due to flashplugin anyone else have issues with flash? how do i fix this?. 
I believe that American Express cannot be used to buy Minecraft, and that its logo is still accidentally on the page. 
reisio, "grep -r" gave some clues how to find it, thnx anyway. 
Damo666, define not working. 
 
i haven't even turned on my wii (on purpose) in over a year. 
I am considering a better mount point than just /media/MyFiles for this partition. 
poor machine. 
I have LoZ Skyward sword :P. 
lol quad core phone sounds insane doesn't it :P. 
kodomo: what's the problem?. 
gyro, gps, etc. etc.. 
how to  mount 4GB sandisk sd card ???. 
Damo666: how much RAM you bought for server?. 
/spikewtf). 
AmbushReality: and you can get every "wiiware" game and virtual console roms for free. 
i have seen things in /opt from time to time. 
induz: plug it in?. 
.logs. 
^. 
it's a brick. 
 
ok well, thanks for the tips  ill go work it out..... 
?logs. 
rather than a phone. 
quite a few things that OEM's have to listen to. 
what?!. 
logs http://reddit.brohoof.net/logs/. 
doubt you'd notice the difference if you sat one next to the other and used them each for a day. 
its not getting recognized. 
Plus all the emulators they have for homebrew. 
doesn't seem that long ago that the old nokia 3310s were about. 
32 GB. 
is it ever officially sanctioned that packages or daemons might place something in /opt?. 
HAH. 
I win.. 
glasses. 
what the fuck are phones doing that they need to execute 4 things at the same time?. 
nardev: how to find what?. 
before, most things were modular - so you had a free (mostly independent) choice of X, WM, and tools/applets, as long as you installed required libraries. 
AmbushReality: plus wiiware apps, like the browser, etc. 
AmbushReality: yup yup :D. 
If PayPal accepts AE then you might be able to pay through PayPal.. 
all the things. 
reisio, after plugging it, nothing happens. 
or is /opt always supposed to be for the user? ala /usr/local for example?. 
However, I don't know whether it does.. 
lol i didnt hit join race. 
Browser is free. 
you have one small screen!. 
kevinator blew up. 
people are using them for office stuff I guess. 
reisio: basically, I'm a xmonad user. 
dax got 93. 
Anything you can buy in the store, is free online. 
 
Well... I'm thinking there's something up with the host. Not working as in prefixes ect.. . 
ping. 
 Essentials supports both long and short prefixes for use in tab list. More info here: http://ess.khhq.net/wiki/Chat_Formatting. 
pong. 
TECHNOLOGY!. 
eph3meral: /opt is for random proprietary binary nonsense, typically. 
AmbushReality: it wasnt at one point. 
Thank you Disk, that's what I was afraid of.  PayPal does but charges it as a cash advance, if I recall correctly.. 
 
i'm 99% sure there was a word wrnog. 
 
where "Samba guest account" appears which means, i was able to realize why it appears. 
Is now :). 
Ah.. 
judgments. 
~Quinton: Its insane huh?. 
Damo666, are you sure you've done them right?. 
I have 3.5gb RAM, well the server does . 
Sqozza, yeah word totally requires multiple cores. 
im at the starting line. 
teenage girls can perform about 15 tasks simultaneously on their phone I think. 
Try removing flash.. 
I think I was 67, thought that "," was a "." and kept accidentally capitalizing or not capitalizing. 
it's 'judgements'. 
reisio,  where "Samba guest account" appears which means, i was able to realize why it appears. 
Here it was free at fi9rst, then went paid for some reason. 
~MrCookie: sorry cant talk nw. 
Do you know when they will fix that (as in, start accepting all cards again, not removing the icon)?. 
Yeah, they just stopped working today . 
Is there a guide for this?. 
:P. 
~MrCookie: relaxing on pool. 
http://tldp.org/LDP/Linux-Filesystem-Hierarchy/html/Linux-Filesystem-Hierarchy.html#opt. 
like is it a safe place to mount my own personal files partition and be able to reliably know that it won't get cluttered up by other apps/programs/systems/daemons/demons/dragons/vampires etc. 
Not that its worth a damn. 
f... made lots of typos. 
nardev: oh right. 
Quatroking: as well as their social networking, dodgy free game, etc. 
Damo666: hm. 
AmbushReality: sure. 
 
Tons of em. 
i COMPLETELY fucked that.. 
~Quinton: Yall need girls in there?. 
~JonZa: Who wants to see my amazing house? :DD. 
Look on google. 
Damo666: can you give startup log?. 
.newlog. 
.newlog: Stop your server, move your server.log out of the craftbukkit directory. Start your server, let it load completely, then stop it. A new server.log will be created, please upload it to http://pastie.org or http://pastebin.com and post the link in the channel.. 
~MrCookie: alot*. 
nardev: gj. 
Sure . 
"i was 67" ಠ_ಠ. 
orbii: it's US vs commonweath. 
honden: i do. 
Link meh :P. 
and I used to have trayer running in the corner, along with some applets (e.g., nm-applet, bluetooth-applet,...) and some daemons in the background (e.g., gnome-power-manager). 
Personally I have no idea, but I can poke Marc_IRL about it the next time he's here. :). 
judgements was screwing me too. 
.paste your config.yml for Essentials, GroupManager, do that ^ and groups.yml. 
.paste: If you have a problem it usually helps us to get a copy of the requested file (for help with server logs, type .newlog). Pastebin the requested file on a site below and give us the URL it takes you to.. 
Hopefully you dont have the very new softyware. 
.paste: http://pastie.org :: https://gist.github.com/ :: http://pastebin.com :: http://codepad.org/. 
~JonZa: well you see it all the time. 
^. 
i mean, /media/MyFiles isn't too horrible to type, but as often as I end up typing it, /opt would be a lot easier. 
Minecraft have been notified about it. I hope they procvess such emails in a separate stram from their 2 month delayed one, but perhaps not.. 
myccaserft werd. 
honden: xD. 
im the blue ca. 
reisio: seems no longer possible.... 
dax: i fucked that word up over and over and over and ruined my typing spewed. 
lol. 
eph3meral: use a unique dir inside /mnt/ for long term mounts. 
Might need all 4. 
~MrCookie: ewwww. 
I would need to know what firmware u have. 
Playerz: why i can't do /back. 
only thing that justifies it is you'll be able to run Ubuntu on your phone as a desktop soon, assuming it meets the specs. 
<inthelittlewood> oh Heya Redstonehelper!. 
<redstonehelper> hey inthelittlewood :D You know me?. 
<inthelittlewood> Yah man! I rely on your posts every week for the snapshot to get my vids done ;D. 
there. 
err ma gerrd. 
heh. 
eph3meral: uhhhh, that's just silly. 
good for hijacking military ordinance etc. 
Playerz hit the ground too hard. 
Some of the firmware can be done with sd only. 
I'm content with my phone tbqh. 
Yes, it's quite lovely poking Marc to see him twitch :). 
and who is that?. 
done. 
Using the bannerbomb hack. 
ah okay . 
~JonZa: first it was a tiny house,now it is huge!. 
Ew theres 3 blackberries, 1 windows phone aand only 1 droid in here:(. 
Umm... too large. 
Without having to have the zelda gamesavew. 
besides /mnt is easier to type than /opt. 
macbeth99, there aren't. 
http://i.imgur.com/DT0af.jpg. 
but if you want you can use a symlink or alias to make your life "easier". 
I use a nokia 1600. 
orbii: so did I the first time :<. 
Use pastebin. 
come at me bro. 
SLOW. 
Im going on zelda now :). 
eph3meral: I always use /data for my external data partitions, or just mount it as /home and leave it at that. 
what's that?. 
macbeth99, why is this a stopper for you?. 
I would but you'd throw it at me. 
I think there is one other game that has a hackable gamesave now. 
Just for clarification, is it a gift card AMEX that you have there?. 
start off with server.log. 
i can break 100wpm :( .. wtf. 
actually i disagree because m and n use the same finger. opt is three diff fingers :P. 
Marc_IRL can twitch?. 
AmbushReality: the old zelda?. 
and it'd hurt like fuck man. 
anyway, I win again. 
delaman: Disable hw acceleration if you haven't already. 
.newlog. 
.newlog: Stop your server, move your server.log out of the craftbukkit directory. Start your server, let it load completely, then stop it. A new server.log will be created, please upload it to http://pastie.org or http://pastebin.com and post the link in the channel.. 
chromium is broken under Arch. Firefox plays youtube videos fine while the videos hang under Chromium.. 
also, I've read that book :3. 
It was theoriginal wii zelda iirc. 
heh.. 
bo. 
i such. 
SecretAgentMan, it's a phone that, according to wikipedia, was designed for third world countries. 
halfie_, works for me. 
~Quinton: Smooth lightning is insane!. 
 
i suck. 
Another satisfied customer! NEXT!. 
No Skyward Sword. 
and thats why i suck. 
i r disappoint, wenchy. 
lol. 
more info. 
eph3meral: just use TAB to autocomplete, easier. 
alankila, yeah my only problem with mounting it as /home is that config files always seem to change between distros. 
http://www.wiihacks.com/. 
I have the original NES zelda on my wii. 
chromium should use ppapi flash from chrome. 
ActionParsnip, I do already. 
not flashplugin. 
Food, bbs. 
 
ya skyward sword doesnt have the hack. 
also, who's sitting there doing nothing :(. 
lol im still trying to type. 
mostly I use CTRL-r actually. 
is its default language aramaic?. 
and why don't you use html5 on youtube. 
rymate1234: I have the original cartridge. 
crazyclara: Hey. 
The gold one. 
Any ideas of fun things I can do that dont require fast internet or a big download?. 
~Quinton: Hiya. 
~MrCookie: hi... 
eh. 
Worth a lot of money. 
honden: ghey. 
idc. 
Which do you want ? server.log or log.lck ?. 
coollew3: what does blaze powder do?. 
honden: lol. 
ut keeps telling me to capatilize Air. 
Earnestly, or you can use the libvdpau patch to fix the blue skin. 
/data? :p. 
but still, it's minor, but true, i would for my own personal ocd reasons like to use /opt for this personal-files mount. 
so capitalize it. 
:(. 
eph3meral: so just start your mount points with a different letter and it's easy ;). 
I still play my NES a lot. 
lol. 
Kaioshi: Steam isn't working with my paypal for some reason :(. 
i really need me to get a decent keyboard at home :|. 
eph3meral: yes, sharing configs between multiple linux distros might not work too well. But why run multiple linux distros.. 
reisio, yeah I might :). 
I have pokemon blue original :). 
hooray. 
it is!!!. 
log. 
I wish I had a NES. 
I ply it on my HD projector :D. 
Still play it. 
damn. 
you'll find the lck is empty. 
finally finished cleaning up all the fallout in china. 
NeonMaster: steam.. 
accuracy 86.1%. 
honden: can anybody make a creeper farm. 
boru: I bet I can beat you in sleep deprivation hilarity; paplay --property=media.role=event "blahblahblah/Windows 98 Startup.wav" & now added to bash_profile \o/. 
~MrCookie: -.-. 
clear out the whole line, re-do it?. 
Grim_Reaper: Yes, Steam.. 
/m is easier to type than /o. 
honden: -_-. 
Just noticed. Thanks . 
someone who apparently turns redstonehelper comments in youtube views. 
yeah, i only got 90.1% on that one :|. 
man i suck. 
Alrighty I'll paste it in . 
some LPer. 
erry: wanna typeracer?. 
pretty big I think. 
I never liked the pokemons for gameboy,l every color was the same fucking game for the most part. 
I couldn't beat that stupid  anno 2070 level where you gotta reduce all the radiation. 
:P. 
it annoyed me. 
ZekeS: urgh. 
http://i.imgur.com/DT0af.jpg. 
Grim_Reaper, openttd. 
along with a conditional so it doesnt fire off every time I log in via ssh >.>. 
pretty sure its broken. 
and you have to move and use your weakest finger twice for opt. 
reisio, ahh, yeh i suppose. 
Crap, my pc doesnt have an sd adapter:(. 
ZekeS, bahaha. That certainly trumps me.. 
rofl SecretAgentMan. 
zero fucks. 
Quatroking o.O. 
lol. 
Hey. 
SecretAgentMan: Keep blaming the game ;). 
that blows. 
SecretAgentMan: how on topic. 
how fast is fast. 
"Look at all the fucks I don't give!". 
honden: hee jonza can i have a disc for my jukeboz. 
yellow takes a short lead. 
oOoOoooOOOooOOOOOooOOoOOoooOOOOoooOOOo. 
"They're falling from the sky!". 
pinky, ring, moved/pinky, pointer. 
I have a hacked pokemon pearl cart. 
Gonna have to use the camera or something. 
Okay It's in pastebin, now what ?. 
its not mounting. 
~JonZa: I put one. 
alankila, nah, it's about when i have to upgrade, part of the point of having /home on a separate partition is that you don't have to loose your files or worry as much about backup. 
lol. 
honden: o. 
or the pruple car is going here ome sthe red car. 
ioni: That is what i would have suggested if infact that was causing his browser to crash. (I kinda wrote that wiki section). Besides, hw acceleration still causes videos to crash after 30 minuites.. 
demonicmaniac3: if it makes you feel any better I'll probably get tired of it once I'm more ... coherent?. 
vs pinky, pointer, pointer, pointer. 
brb, gonna cook some bacon!. 
give us the url. 
This thing needs to get on with it soon or im going to leave. 
bbiab. 
I just cleaned my glasses. 
oohh looks like red wins. 
Quatroking said something about radiation and it reminded me... plus Neonmaster is trying to buy Anno 2070 but paypal isn't working for him on steam. 
alankila, but I always end up finding my configs to be really wonky after I wipe the root drive and reinstall, but keep the same /home partition. 
checkmate :P. 
rymate1234 lol. 
English bacon is better :3. 
Earnestly, i guess he enabled hw decoding from the config. 
blue is winning. 
ooooooh. double exp weekend. 
the amount of derp in here is too damn high. 
woo. 
ioni: At least on my system. 
yum. 
pfft. 
upgrade problems on ubuntu!? no! :P. 
okay guys, I need some help here: When I press the power button on my deskopt machine, it boots like usual: mainboard screen, grub screen. After choosing the normal archlinux OS entry, it starts booting the known way, outputting all the lines about starting the deamons etc. then when it usually gets into another resolution, the screen gets black and goes to standby :/. 
ifconfig. 
if you worry when you upgrade, you should find another distro. 
I'm playing civ 5. 
geez you people are fast. 
hmm. 
Has anyone managed to give bukkit a process name on osx? Managed to bundle craft bukkit into a app bundle and it starts fine but I can't connect to it. 
it should be worry free. 
referring to the nuclear conversation earlier. 
hi, i am running the live ubuntu distribution, how could I change xsession so i run mwm/lesstif. 
?. 
I have the same problem when booting from  Archlinux Fallback. 
i connected sd card to ubuntu but nothing happens. 
Earnestly, hw acceleration and hw decoding are different things. 
This is fresh bacon from the butcher. 
ioni: either that or via the flashplugin settings. 
Bacon is english xD. 
<-- purple. 
xc: I think the colors are randomized.. 
http://pastebin.com/PrtQ76fK. 
and its like 1/4 inch thick. 
ZekeS, going to give this a spin. Thanks for help man.. 
i couldnt even beat the 4th place. 
Yeah, both tend to crash for me. 
yeah the colours change. 
any idea when my purchase might get processed?. 
<-- second. 
eph3meral: well, it isn't too much trouble to just remove all the dot files, although you have to be careful to not actually execute rm -rf ... 
hehehehe indeed, altho it seems art is imitating life :P. 
no i only watched. 
i get like 65 wpm. 
LOL server crash. 
Anything beats "canadian bacon". 
Ive had no emails from support for over 3 days. 
as I can't clean up the damn disaster. 
ioni: I'm setting up a small server, don't want to risk having it tainted. 
Is thar all?. 
that shit sucks. 
reisio, right, so I don't bother with a separate home drive, and I keep a plain files partition, I consider /home to be more of a /user_settings folder. 
Earnestly, hw acceleration means that it will use opengl. 
it's a serious thing!. 
neither have i got any information on my code purchase. 
 
alankila, er... wtf?. 
If I want a slice of ham,. ill have a slice of ham. 
~JonZa: hello savior!. 
coollew3: hey. 
Yes. 
Disk, no… it is an actual credit card.. 
Soldierman54321 which site did you buy minecraft from?. 
tried once, got 92. 
remove dot files? lol, what are you smoking :P. 
Fuck that "canadian bacon" shit. 
http://help.mojang.com/customer/portal/articles/329519-when-will-i-receive-my-premium-status-. 
still there for me. 
Dr_Savior: Donator??. 
Hahaha i started a new skyward sword and the Sword is SOOO Shoort. 
~Quinton: Omg HI!. 
coollew3: yeah. 
What's weird is when I try to connect it stays connecting but when I end the process it's closing off the server as it should. 
its nothing like bacon. 
~Quinton: Wuddap dr. 
oh, wait, you mean hidden files. 
I got first!. 
what video driver are you using?. 
whoo!. 
Also how did you pay. 
brb. 
~JonZa: Savior where are you?. 
ioni: Not a stopper, but would make me more comfortable if it existed. 
99wpm!. 
this nuclear waste issue is a bit of a problem tho. 
i thought you mean ./ and ../. 
nvidia blob. 
SLOW. 
thousands of years from now our kids kids kids... and so on, will be dealing with that shit. 
eph3meral: well you said they get wonky between upgrades, so I suggest removing them, that way wonkiness is gone. 
I've never had this much trouble.  It just rejected the Visa I tried to use too "for security reasons".. 
I just clean install each new release, fewer issues. 
eph3meral: not sure what that has to do with what we were just discussing, but ok :p. 
can barely break 80wpm tonight. 
like I'm pro AUS using nuclear power. 
it never crashed on me using nvidia or nouveau. 
it has some pics on it, how to get them back??. 
Skyward sword needs the special wii thing for the remote, right?. 
huh? flash hw accel uses vdpau which is a dedicated video decoding engine for h264. 
even if we stopped now. 
I blame my walrus keyboard. 
(I has the true master sword on the other one). 
Dr_Savior: In my house, i lost the village we were gonna build x_X. 
I have one, just curious. 
not opengl. 
I cleaned my glasses, huge difference. 
~Quinton: Ellow!. 
Dr_Savior: UMG!!!. 
i cant even break one word per minute. 
mjr25 was fireballed by Ghast. 
>:O peameal bacon is god tier. 
well, I was discussing mount points. 
just not pro nuclear waste with a half-life of forever. 
i blame it being mdinight :|. 
but i couldn't even do that now because i cut my fingers on a knife yesterday. 
I haven't tested with decoding. 
Time to hunt down more freelancer work.. 
Dr_Savior: **HUGS**. 
plus I got my mechanical keyboard with the red switches. 
what do you have in /etc/adobe/mms.cfg ?. 
~Quinton: ITS ME!!. 
if you type sign in, then the bottom option, you can choose a nick without signing in, fyi. 
and shitty keyboard.. 
Much. 
ok ill try. 
Yeah, but i have a wiimote plus. 
induz: does it show up in:  sudo fdisk -l. 
Dr_Savior: Long time nu see ;DD. 
same here. 
~Quinton: True story. 
demonicmaniac3, no :). 
http://help.mojang.com/customer/portal/articles/417071-i-can%E2%80%99t-purchase-minecraft. 
just curious. 
i make way way too many typos. 
it's not just ham, it's cured in brine. 
safe canonical ones, are there any or should I just make up my own. 
~JonZa: Savior,take your stuff,i tp you!. 
bbiab. 
shit's mad real. 
im disconnecting the tether. 
it needs EnableLinuxHWVideoDecode=1. 
or how can i enable user login in ubuntu live cd?. 
I know. 
 
Download it :P. 
to use vdpau. 
Cya. 
 
chrooted_mother: Do you have one of the silent mechanical keyboards? Or is it one of the loud ones?. 
hopefully some TED guys solve it soon. 
Dr_Savior: I'm ready... 
can you do adminshop signs with essentials signs?. 
 If you need help making signs, check out this usage guide: http://ess.khhq.net/wiki/Sign_Tutorial. 
lol. 
ioni: there is no flash acceleration via opengl though. 
uskerine: ?. 
the decoding part. 
 
Mojang suggest that you may want to contact Moneybookers, who process the payment.. 
~JonZa: My house. 
but i think default is using the vdpau video output. 
lol. 
Dr_Savior: xD Niice. 
Damn HDDs are pretty. 
So shiny. 
<warchicken> sauerbraten was a good game.. 
if they could somehow use the waste. 
was = ?. 
~JonZa: Down. 
this time I got second, 78wpm. 
and feed it back in to the reactor. 
i cant find anything in the tutorail about adminshops. 
Anyone?. 
they're looking at that. 
uskerine: hi. 
we should shoot it up into space. 
Dr_Savior: Lagfging in here.. Dx. 
i read that. 
i srsly give up, i'm typing like ass. 
Dr_Savior: Lagfging in here.. Dx. 
i'm getting worse. 
screech.. 
 
failtime, it's cherry red switches, all you hear is me bottoming out. 
demonicmaniac3, in fullscreen yes. 
is there a verbos debug flash i can use with chrome or firefox.  i cant seem to find one. 
i almost hit someone. 
Waste is being used already - in the form of depleted uranium shells. 
hey guys, I know how I can implement tab navigation using the action bar, but looking at the youtube app on honeycomb, they seem to have some sort of tabbing toward the bottom (see screenshot here http://derp.co.uk/58bb1), independant of the AB. How would one implement this?. 
with a big slingshor. 
Well, when I used to play it. 
~JonZa: here is your house. 
ActionParsnip, no. 
hey Grim_Reaper. 
coollew3: who?. 
laser98: fart. 
\o. 
it has buy and sell  but nothing on adminshops or similar. 
ioni: that only means opengl as output like xvideo ok. 
hi. 
but nothing about decoding yeah. 
lol shitty keyboard?. 
~JonZa: What kinda floor?. 
q3amods don't appeal to me that much anymore. 
Cellphones have way worse keybaords. 
demonicmaniac3: Correct. 
reisio, i would like to use mwm (lesstif) instead of the standard wm, where should I change xsession to allow that, or at least, how can i enable login to select session?. 
which means it will still gobble up all your cpu :P. 
they're reasonably against the Geneva Convention aren't they?. 
Dr_Savior: I don't need it now, i made a new one x_x. 
I wonder if I'd make a theme , but also want a HTML version, what is the best workflow then ?. 
I've got a great keyboard. 
~JonZa: plz. 
yep. 
16wpm wat. 
totes worth 150 bucks after s/h. 
~JonZa: i build for you. 
Yeah, but the US doesn't like being told what to do. 
Dr_Savior: This can be the mine ;D. 
it suck making a typo at the beginning of a word and having to backspace the entire thing and retype it. 
i'm fine with that :D. 
~JonZa: Yup. 
~Quinton: Cook. 
~MrCookie: GT U HACKER. 
laser98: www.youtube.com/mybattery1. 
create it in plain HTML first then convert it to WP theme ?. 
laser98: www.youtube.com/mybattery1. 
i would like to get rid of chestshop but i need a market for my players to buy and sell from the server. 
laser98: www.youtube.com/mybattery1. 
lol. 
~JonZa: so what floor?. 
demonicmaniac3: There are two settings for flash, one for decoding and one for rendering. The option within the setting menu is for rendering. 
Back . 
~Quinton: Do u still live in the flat. 
Playerz: i got a diamond. 
i don't claim to be a good typer though.. 
4k videos from youtube play fine on my new pc. 
Dr_Savior: Wood Jon. 
 
 
16wpm sounds like how fast i'd write code. 
Earnestly: i see. 
a few months ago, i raced someone in here with my left hand only and still beat them :/. 
~MrCookie: ip banned. 
US just got busted in Poland with a secret torture facility in Poland. 
 
(i got about 40wpm). 
~Quinton: Eyo!. 
orbii, I'm left handed so that's not hard. 
what were you doing with the other :3. 
 exec -a. 
more suspected in other european nations. 
Dr_Savior: Wonder how long til i'm Mod :D. 
I'll do the next race left handed to see what happens. 
>_>. 
yay. 
~Quinton: Wuddap ash!. 
<_<. 
hi. 
since vdpau decoding mandates overlay rendering though i guess the 2 together wouldn't play nice. 
Asharn00: :D. 
ohh. 
chrooted: well, think right-handed only then. 
is santa claus real?. 
Poland govt has flipped its lid over the revelation and is launching a full investigation. 
Who's in for some chess?. 
Asharn00: ello. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-GYrbecb88. 
ActionParsnip, http://paste.ubuntu.com/1055977/. 
Title: TimeScapes 4K - YouTube (at www.youtube.com). 
<3. 
i didnt make it to the finish line :(. 
demonicmaniac3: youtube quite kindly adds this infomation for you if you right click any of their videos and select "video infomation" or something. 
what does handedness have to do with typing. 
FICS. 
crazyclara: HEJJJ :D. 
also you know how those countries who currently used nuclear power said they're going to stop? that process will take about 20 years to do and there's a good chance that in that time they'll change their minds. 
~Quinton: How r u?. 
Asharn00: :D. 
honden: hee. 
hmmm. 
it would be cool if there was a way to make the html version change when I update the WP version , or the other way around. 
defriend all the people. 
https://www.facebook.com/browse/friended_fans_of/?page_id=6248267085. 
i don't have flash. 
laser98: www.youtube.com/mybattery1. 
~MrCookie: well bye guys. 
Did anyone figure out what's up with my server ? . 
 A direction away from the center of gravity of a celestial object.. 
Asharn00: fine thank u!. 
courtesy of reddit. 
naturally. 
and i only use youtube-viewer. 
is santa claus real?. 
Does Deus Ex HR Augmented Edition come with the DLC?. 
Asharn00: bye. 
finally, a wein.. 
uskerine: is it just a wm?. 
laser98: www.youtube.com/mybattery1. 
Yankees52: no. 
 
 
Yeah, my memory is a bit vague since I'm using html5. 
and i typed shit.. 
Yes. 
coollew3: there. 
dax why not?. 
 
ZekeS: i'm just asking is uid preferred over lvm. 
Kaioshi, wait then how come germany stopped using nuke power in like, one week. 
Yankees52, you.. 
it's $15. 
what the heck happened? My focus changed and the page scrolled halfway through. 
Because right now it is 10 dollars. :U. 
it's worth $15. 
buy it. 
didn't flash add vp8 as codec now too?. 
:E. 
~MrCookie: actualy its not spamming. 
was santa claus a virgin?. 
oh, it's $10 there. 
bburbans: i had the same thing. 
besides h264. 
sd card was working fine on win7 but I removed it suddenly...now no sd card is getting regonised. 
~MrCookie: its advertising*. 
~Quinton: Next time spamming is ban. 
more reason to buy it. 
Quatroking: because they're germany. 
Namelesswonder: such a good game. 
openstandards: lvm has nothing to do with uuid. 
~MrCookie: just mute the guy. 
Also Deus Ex Collection is $15. 
Yankees52: stop being attention-seeky, it's annoying.. 
vdpau couldn't decode that anyway. 
~Quinton: But he's saying to much. 
~MrCookie: no need to ban. 
get the whole pack. 
Everything. 
yay chroot you crossed. 
laser98: it my channel. 
I got 28 with one hand. 
bburhans, you defocused. 
eh. 
induz: does the system ahve a make and model?. 
get both deus ex games and HR's DLC. 
Megabyte: indeed :D. 
yes it is just a wm. 
induz: what does sudo blkid show?. 
bburhans, which is the purpose of the channel :D. 
~Quinton: Lol I thought I muted him. 
+r. 
Can any one tell me how to make adminshop signs with essentials signs  or is it even possable?. 
lol.. 
worth it. 
~MrCookie: see player muted no problem left. 
Kaioshi: stop  using nuclear in favour of what?. 
wait. 
shugger!. 
dax fuck you. 
this is defocus?. 
ban me. 
Yay blowing all my money on steam games again. :D. 
LOL.. 
that would be the problem. 
http://ess.khhq.net/wiki/Sign_Tutorial. 
 
It's possible . 
RainbowDash, I don't know. Where am I?. 
hahaha. 
so i would like to change the standard session to FVWM, or OpenBox, or MWM (this being my specific case). 
~JonZa: Savior where are you?. 
i demand to be banned. 
ermagerd, shugger!. 
Kaioshi, "herp derp japan haben sie problems mitt die nuclear reactors, wir should totally shut down allen sie reactors and switch back to dein kolenfabriken". 
hey Nikonderp. 
Dr_Savior: Afghan.. 
if you just switch to coal you're fucking over the environment even more. 
and a second win. 
i read that  there is buy and sell  but nothing on adminshops. 
I'm better at german than bildramer is yo. 
why is teeed banned. 
that's it. 
I paid via visa. 
Kaioshi: I basically live surrounded by powerplants. 
Dr_Savior: Huh?. 
He griefed. 
heh.. 
close dax.. 
seriously. 
uskerine: just on their own, or Unity with mwm?. 
demonicmaniac3: Shub-Niggurath - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia: <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shub-Niggurath>. 
dax: you shouldn't give them what they want!. 
Asharn00: yep. 
really. 
Dr_Savior: MrCookie what you mean Converse Savior?. 
Gambit - double exp weekend? hwere?. 
yo. 
so i have to set up 2 signs for every item  one for buy and one for sell?. 
dax, you shouldn't give into the demands of terrorists. 
where*. 
Sqozza: but you have nice internet. 
it's ok. 
I've got a nuke plant about 100km away from me. 
ActionParsnip, its 4 Gb sandisk SD card...dell dimension e310 is syetm. 
Having fun*. 
Heh, how do you tell if a politician is lying? Their lips are moving.. 
i'm asking a seperate  question but forget it. 
Chinese and Indians are still punishing the coal power. 
Dr_Savior: xD?. 
battlefield 3. 
http://goo.gl/maps/UcaV <-. 
i dont wanna embarraes myself anymore. 
ah. 
most of the world is sam. 
on their own. 
no unity. 
reisio, http://paste.ubuntu.com/1055977/. 
yeah but they don't have in excess of 1 billion people each. 
giant mine and shit you. 
You do yes . 
dear guest people: click sign in, click bottom option, pick a name.. 
fuck i completely screwed that. 
openstandards: I know what your previous question was, but it still stands. lvm is not comparable to using uuids/labels. 
Moneybookers handles all of the credit card payments for Mojang. They are the ones that you would need to contact. All that Mojang can say is whether the transaction was successful or not. Not why, or what you could do about it.. 
omfg  that is a LOT if signs. 
(I can hardly think how weird would be motif window manager with unity) :). 
lol. 
altho the USA certainly keeps up in energy consumption. 
I GOT A WIN!. 
that's my second. 
I'm trying to get in the 90s again. 
Sqozza: wow. 
chrooted_mother, In 4 some chess?. 
i think i'm going to stop playing that. i'm just not good enough. 
yo*. 
okay, i'm out - i mistyped 90% of that - my eyes arent workign right. 
tildasoderlund00 hit the ground too hard. 
Kaioshi: I wasn't kidding!. 
Megabyte, I suck at chess. 
:I. 
Oh.. 
cRaZyWeNcH, what did you get?. 
 
so during that earthquake your village could have slid into a crater. 
i have bad typing skills. 
66. 
lolv. 
villiage. 
induz: can you give a pastebin of:  lsb_release -a; uname -a; lsusb. 
Dr_Savior: SO MANY DOGS MAD WITH ME. 
Thanks again for the help.  I do think dumping Moneybookers would be a great idea.  Even Square accepts American Express.. 
village even. 
it's pretty small looking!. 
and maybe the factions server if I install heroes today. 
sup mah niggas. 
'cause it is. 
yeah midnight - they dont tend to last past then. 
Chris ?. 
 
.stab MC____. 
hmwha. 
94. 
induz: is the sd card part of the system?. 
I fucked up typing that one word. 
if you can get 60 you type fast enough to live your life, i figure, so you don't need to worry. 
~JonZa: Savior,i got your house finished. 
 
hello. 
no wonder you have nice internet. 
worthless fucking bot. 
you all have mighty typing penises, well done. 
orbii, bed is for weenies. 
fucking everyone is near the exchange. 
honden: can anybody give me gunpowder. 
Any idea ?. 
Dr_Savior: Jon i told you, i prefer my new house... 
 
~JonZa: Why. 
I was getting 1.2mb/s peak @ old house. 
didn't read it, was just explaning how to pastebing. 
~JonZa: it is so far away. 
faffing around trying to get error logging for lamp install. Any pointers/sources to set for dev server?. 
lol ther's a turn-off called Haunted Hills off the Princes Fwy on that map :P. 
loltypos. 
~2.6MB/s peak here. 
Dr_Savior: and better. 
WTF. 
SecretAgentMan: yep. 
haha, it CAPTCHAd me. 
Hi, I have problems with opengl and nouveau drivers. When gaming in wine 2d images like background for buttons and stuff are not getting drawn, or when running cairo-dock with opengl, there are holes in the background :). 
Dr_Savior: OHai. 
I got over 100 WPM, and it asked me to take a typing test. 
twentyeleven seems to hide your user name if there is only one author. that being the case, where should I put my name so its prominent on my blog?. 
Ahh okay . 
your soul will be forfeit tonight Sqozza. 
~JonZa: Well i can build better one for you. 
dax: yeah i hate it when you break 100wpm and it does that. 
~Quinton: Hiya. 
WE ARE PAST 10,000 LINES. 
Sqozza: I still get NBN before you, right?. 
sorry my dev desktop not server. 
and I failed to type over 90 WPM for the test. 
i get about 30~40 for typing. 
honden: if anybody collects gunpowder for me i give potions. 
try to keep the slurs to a minimum :|. 
dax: it noticed you lack of human emotions. 
and it kicked me out. 
how dumb. 
 
raxbg: what card. 
dunno. 
check. 
crazyclara drowned. 
bburhans: yeah did that for me the first time too >:(. 
late 2013 for me. 
Pathetic, Is it possible to cancel the transaction i dont feel i can be bothered waiting any longer. 
Niice. 
also my captcha was insanely long. 
early 2014 here IIRC. 
much longer than the competition. 
I'll check. 
Imma keep going. 
MrEledig, nvidia GeForce G105M. 
yesssss. 
the trick is just to type it, fast as you can - and ignore errors. 
how do I dock my terminal?. 
that's all they want you to do. 
i could do 80 or so in a test back when i was studying typing. 
eh. okay. :(. 
ActionParsnip, http://paste.ubuntu.com/1055991/. 
 
Soldierman54321: Perhaps by contacting the processing agent (Moneybookers) or your bank. 
I was correcting myself and everything for the captcha.. 
that game is fun but seems you people are getting tired and slower :). 
late 2014. 
how silly.. 
'studying typing' o.O. 
2086 here or smth. 
>:D. 
I'm content with 25mbit :D. 
LOL 2086. 
I hate how if you typo and you're another three words after the typo it counts against you. 
sorry, taking a class. 
50.... 
I switched to nouveau because the proprietary driver v302.xx broke lot of stuff. 
k-man seems odd to me , whenever i post something there's posted by Admin. 
f!. 
honden: is it allowed for staff to put spawnd items in chests for other people. 
Hi. I need help with openbox. I turned off decoration for terminal window, but still can see top border when windows is maximized. 
i'd be upset if i couldnt type 80-100wpm given i've been typing for near 30 years :/. 
tenwordsperding. 
Gambit - if i had bf3 - i'd play with you. 
~JonZa: nope. 
do you also have a ps3?. 
coollew3: no. 
I dont wanna register an account just to send them one email that ive already sent to Mojang and get no response. 
honden: oe. 
nope. 
not sure but what you say surpises me a bit. 
what's that site again sqoz?. 
i only learned typing ten years ago. 
raxbg: you could have just used the 295.xx driver. 
Dude, i can't afford games, talk about consoles :p. 
continue to use*. 
ActionParsnip, card is not part of the system. Its from a camera. It was working fine...I replced the sd card but that also not getting recognized. 
openstandards: lvm has a use case entirely different from just ensuring you point to the same drive regardless of udev shenanigans :p. 
http://ompldr.org/vZWc4NA. 
sylow, http://emacstragic.net/ check it out. 
honden: then that rule has beenbroken. 
I only started typing daily like 5 years ago. 
Apologies, it was there all the time... Dunce#. 
well you'd need that too. 
I started typing when I was 3, so.... 
~JonZa: ?. 
coollew3: by who?. 
nm. 
induz: but is the reader part of the system or is it a usb device. 
What would you like us community volunteers (not related with Mojang in any way) to help you with then?. 
sylow, me too. 
before that I mostly screwed around palying videogames. 
honden: not gonna tell. 
Related: I'm kinda worried boru isn't back yet :<. 
somehow i got by with hunt-and-peck for the first decade of my computer usage. 
bwahaha. 
tensorpudding: what is this 'learned typing'. 
coollew3: we can find out. 
 
hey guys im new to this plugins, i have a question how do u make it so essentials commands works on non-ops?. 
 DG_element: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
.eu d3 servers. 
honden: ok. 
SecretAgentMan: http://www.nbnco.com.au/rollout/rollout-map.html. 
just straight up died for maintenance. 
no warning. 
any command line tool like vim ?. 
i've never 'learned typing' - i just do it.. 
I started typing in utero. 
but you're wasting your time. 
honden: you wont be happy with the result. 
I have never hunt-and-pecked but neither have I ever properly home-rowed. 
you can put in your address and it'll tell you. 
silv3r_m00n: vim -b ?. 
i'm really noticing that my typing style is really really poor. In particular my right hand. I move it around too much. 
reisio: just a few more minutes. 
vim is a good command line tool. 
coollew3: why?. 
http://emacstragic.net/2012/06/23/fullscreen-emacs-on-osx/ it's listed there. 
tensorpudding, same. I started touch-typing when I was going on roosterteeth forums back when it was full of /b/tards. 
like one guy said like 20 friends lost their HC inferno toons. 
:D. 
:3. 
maybe the issue with my browsers crashing is my super cheap two video cards.  i bought this one yesterday http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814500217  maybe when i setup this new video card my browser will stop crashing.  currently i have a card time with flash video. i always have to right click the desktop to unfreeze flash videos. 
Title: Newegg.com - ZOTAC ZT-50403-10L GeForce GTX 550 Ti Fermi 1GB 192-bit GDDR5 PCI Express 2.0 x16 HDCP Ready SLI Support Video Card (at www.newegg.com). 
.gm. 
.gm: http://wiki.ess3.net/wiki/Group_Manager. 
if the authors of kwrite or kate wanted their software to not make needless changes upon saving, they would have already. 
silv3r_m00n: check vim for plugins?. 
honden: no reason. 
so i miss type a lot of stuff. 
sylow, this is a discussion about it: http://wordpress.org/support/topic/author-not-displayed-on-posts-in-twenty-eleven. 
cRaZyWeNcH, I don't homerow and I type fast. 
I know emacs can do it. 
bburhans: what i find interesting is people who learnt to type properly that i know seem to have hand/wrist problems - i do it my own way - and i never have.. 
lol. 
When my family got our first computer, there wasn't much else to do with it other than play a typing game on it.. 
vim can do it as well.. 
MrElendig, I like how nouveau is working now, it seems smoother and the laptop is cooler :) Sure I can get smoothness with the proprietary driver but the laptop was getting very hot. 
I've an idea, I'm going to take another OS name and end it in Bang, like Archbang did. 
orbii: same. 
orbii, same.. 
I was reading the wiki entry on X11 cursors because I have a problem with the cursor flickering, and at the bottom it says that can add a line to your xorg.conf file to remedy this problem. But I don't have an xorg.conf file in the directory that it gives, so is there any other way of solving it?. 
So from playing that constantly I learned to type the "proper" way, I guess.. 
good morning from NY :P question : how do i charge money for commands ? like /home and such. 
 iSeven77: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
Ubuntuang?. 
.44 magnum so OP q.q. 
mc has a decent hex editor. 
that's unfortunate. 
so it seems its only on the home page or something. 
i used to home-row but now i don't. 
*UbuntuBang. 
i keep hitting i instead of u and similar things. 
too inconvenient. 
that's ubuntu wang!. 
at least, in close quarters it is. 
orbii: I also use esdf when gaming, not wasd, because it's far more comfortable on my keyboard(s). 
cooler is unlikely. 
lol. 
antithesis: openbang?  bangbang?. 
http://i.imgur.com/wEDV3.jpg. 
Shoot them all in the face :P. 
that was a question i forgot the ? :P. 
did you try diff -Naur, silv3r_m00n?. 
that's fucking hilarious. 
Is that a a parameter for java Amaranth ?. 
DebianBang1. 
since nouveau doesn't have any power/fancontroll at all. 
It doesn't sound well. 
lol. 
and a to jump, space to crouch or sprint, w for action, etc.. 
or on archive pages actually. 
Debang!. 
None of those. 
all you really need is to know where f and j are. 
this is not medium ass party. 
moocow: I went back in time and typed in the age of the dinosaurs. 
openSUES. 
can i use permissions instead of gm?. 
useruser3: no, it's a shell command. 
Debang lol. 
unless you are really lucky and have it stuck at lowest speed. 
tensorpudding: maybe for you, i dont type that way.. 
That's a pretty pis-poor attitude to take. 
Tell us. 
I took a keyboarding class last year for an easy A, the teacher got pissed b/c she typed 75wpm with homerow and I do it the "wrong" way getting usually between 80-90. 
.p3. 
please. 
whats wrong with GM ?. 
:(. 
you can change it if you compare archive.php with single.ph. 
honden: what. 
perms2/3 are dead. 
openLITIGIOUS. 
exec -a myserver java -Xmx2G -jar craftbukkit.jar. 
GM is great:). 
anythign else will work. 
Nah, I want to take a very elitist distro and "Bang" it. 
honden: idk a friend told me. 
monicabang. 
bangbang is battar. 
I don't know why but I hear the fan only if I run a game. 
who's racing me?. 
tildasoderlund00: Hallo. 
who put spawned items in a chest. 
heh. 
lol.. 
Gambit - eh.. 
I doubt if you can change it in the wp backend. 
honden: idk ask my frien. 
iirc that'll work and make the process name "myserver" instead of "java". 
So is the attitude to answer my support email or complete my purchase on whoevers side it is. 
 
debang, lol. 
well, my typing was ruined because i use a laptop. 
~JonZa: Hello dobbs. 
Gentoobang but it doesn't sound well. 
nothing wrong with gm, i just have permission already and not gm. 
Was fun while it lasted. 
honden: helo. 
~JonZa: and bye everybody :D. 
coollew3: hey. 
I type on laptops.. 
honden: bye. 
chrooted_mother: at least you had typing classes; not something that was ever taught here. 
 
honden: xD. 
Oh il try. 
cpu fan maybe?. 
X-Jester: checking that. 
I'm used to typing on my laptop :3. 
~Melissa: Hey all.. 
eww. 
honden: hey. 
you have to seriously contort your hands vis-a-vis regular keyboards to avoid palming the touchpad. 
dax: http://fc00.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2010/313/5/2/frustrated_t_rex_typing_by_kid_liger-d32hard.jpg. 
Permissions 2/3 is dead. 
no, i don't want to change it. 
~Melissa: Freek, heb je geen leven ofzo?. 
can someone clarify 'bang' as it is currently being used ?. 
Im sure there will be another, mort. 
^^. 
honden: nee. 
antithesis: you need to reverse it and bangentoo. 
and that changed my style. 
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lwlcls5ra01qzrlhgo1_r1_500.gif. 
honden: xD. 
 
~Melissa: Je bent altijd on.. 
do NOT under ANY circumstances use Permissions 2/3. 
~Melissa: xD\. 
 
honden: weet ik. 
Linux from Scratch Bang!. 
hah. 
coollew3: honden. who?. 
~Quinton: Hiya. 
lol.. 
In a year or so. 
why are only 50 people watching this, what is wrong with the world. 
i was more thinking just to put my name in the blog tag line or something. 
i want a honeywell 101wn :| ... 
before i waste time measuring the size of a DVD center hole. 
or other case cooling type stuff. 
~Melissa: Hey Quint.. 
I don't care about palming my touchpad.. 
honden: maar ik heb niks anders te doen. 
I tried to upgrade from ubuntu 11.10 to ubuntu 12.04, but when I download all upgrades and re-start the pc it still using 11.10... Why?. 
LFSbang it is!. 
silv3r_m00n: you can redirect the output to a .diff file if you want, and then open that in vim. 
yeah its looking like it'll be 2014 before the NBN reaches here at the minimum. 
change the code that is. 
~Melissa: Nee?. 
honden: behalve leren. 
pfft 54. 
Dr_Savior: Who wants to travel the map with me?;3. 
so anyone have an idea on how to charge for commands ? like /home i know there is a section in config.yml and has example but is the sintaxis home: $100 ? o wha ?. 
We're told that Mojang have two months of backed up emails to get through first. It wouldn't be fair to ignore any of those who have been waiting longer, and I beleive that they are getting in some temp workers to help with the catch up too. 
good morning archies!. 
honden: maar dat is saai. 
cmnky: !. 
 
~Melissa: Ga een leven zoeken?. 
whatever the reason, laptop is cooler. 
i wouldn't care if i had a sane laptop that had palm detection, but.... 
ActionParsnip, its a USB device...but when i insert the card direct to the  Dell comp, nothing happens. 
honden: nee dankje. 
grats. 
:). 
lol. 
~Melissa: xD. 
mechwarrior 2!?. 
cmnky: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Archbang. 
probably stuck on slowest speed then. 
i apologize in advance if you end up with completely useless output.. 
http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/Honeywell-101WN63S-45E-vintage-keyboard-new-/190683773678?pt=PCA_Mice_Trackballs&hash=item2c65a37aee .. $45 to ship to australia makes orbii sad.. 
coollew3: dr savior me. 
Doesn't work on mac :(. 
honden: dit is veel leuker. 
Most laptops with good touchpads have it.. 
who would shear a cow?. 
induz: have you tried a precise liveCD to see if it works there?. 
honden: ;D. 
20,000 is the next milestone. 
I'll be living in Melbourne before then though. 
Dr_Savior: Ok Cool. 
meee. 
lol.. 
~Melissa: ;D. 
You sheer SHEEP. 
Not COWS. 
Meh, This is why people play cracked games. 
X-Jester: how much is this @@ -1,5 +1,5 @@  ?. 
~Melissa: Me moeder gaat zo zeuren van. 
~Melissa: Melissa.. 
there was a reacent video on the state of nouveau btw, that is worth the watch. 
Bang From Scrath?. 
Dr_Savior: ;D C'mon were traveling through the night. 
SBBQBang. 
cowists :(. 
awww. 
~Melissa: Ga toch naar buiten. 
http://i.imgur.com/9Yqaf.jpg. 
grenades hurt you through the floor. 
q.q. 
my download speed is less than average, 700kb/sec :D. 
SNRK. 
~Melissa: Het is heerlijk weer.. 
when it was at lowest speed with proprietary, the animations were laggy. 
honden: mijn moeder ook. 
honden: maar ik negeer haar. 
great ... archbang ... what is the significance of 'bang'. 
adren: and?. 
Soldierman54321: because you're trying to contact the wrong people about your payment?. 
Does anyone have experience with an older laptop and ATI Radeon X1400/drivers? I used to be able to get Unity 3D working, after 12.04 upgrade, it no longer does.. 
<Epz> would you consider dayz good training for the day when i finally leave my bedroom. 
No. 
 
looks like "flashplugin-square 10.3.162.29-1" doesnt crash my browsers https://aur.archlinux.org/packages.php?ID=58116  im going to stick with this old flash version. 
~Melissa: xD. 
cmnky: !. 
archbang: sex with masonry. 
Title: AUR (en) - flashplugin-square (at aur.archlinux.org). 
dax! grrrr! You got me!. 
Dr_Savior: FCrap. 
is this an emiril reference ?. 
lolwut. a-i-s actually uses m4 in bash scripts…. 
~Melissa: Oh.. 
You on mac Amaranth ?. 
EpicBurak: hallotjes. 
EpicBurak: IM BACK!. 
you don't shear cows, you tan their hides. 
delaman: firefox?. 
honden: hey. 
MrElendig: meaning I'm paying more for low speed :(. 
~Melissa: Cool.. 
Dr_Savior: I want a pet doggy. 
I also believe that Notch has said some things about people playing cracked games that are not entirely negative about the situation, and are more of an acceptance of the fact too.. 
They took the bang part from Crunchbang. 
and do you trust your distro engineering to an emiril fan ?. 
you can tan my hide, baby. 
bjrohan: check dem ati drivers. 
honden: you already are. 
MrElendig: firefox and chromium. 
EpicBurak: hey anyone wanna build a fortress with mediaval houses?. 
No, Because they dont complete stuff like that within a 3 day period. 
it's the ! sign, sometimes called bang. 
I have to get one more win in this and then I'm done. 
Tucos: we do that in devtools and pacman. 
I got 2nd. 
Dr_Savior: :o. 
poor Incontrol. 
Soldierman54321: It's an automated system. 
antihero, that still fails to explain 'bang'. 
Dr_Savior: Somewhere to camp!!. 
i don't care about those 2. 
~Melissa: Ik zie een camera buisje op de hoek staan.. 
lol mute. 
ActionParsnip, i tried these card on win7 system and ubuntu system, not getting recognosed...maybe a program have formatted them differently...now i want to get back my pics first. 
delaman: update instead. 
So then it should of already been done. 
cant talk. 
=(. 
xD. 
he's very entertaining. 
Soldierman54321: as soon as moneybookers tells their server "OK, he has paid" you get your stuff activated. 
so ... im writing all this off as complete nonsense. 
cmnky: it's arch in the style of crunchbang, IIRC. 
I just did `exec -a foo bash` on OS X and got a process named foo. 
lol. 
not the best protoss player, but seems like a nice dude. 
~Melissa: Wot?. 
ActionParsnip, precide Live CD??. 
coollew3: i found a dog. 
and i probably won't care at all about a-i-s, apparently.. 
Ahh, here it is - it's quite the good read - http://notch.tumblr.com/post/1121596044/how-piracy-works. 
i paid 3 days ago... 
doesn't deserve the heat he's received I don't think. 
succees. 
Can a child/sub process be promoted to being at the top level in the process tree?. 
 
http://imgur.com/nFx6D. 
Soldierman54321: Moneybookers hasn't told them yet.. 
Dr_Savior: :DDD MY DOGGY. 
blue is blue .. red it red .. bang is bang ... i get it. 
~Melissa: xD. 
"antihero"? Are you mucking me cmnky ?. 
 
yes; http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ArchBang. 
flash released a update recently that is suposed to fix some crashes in ff. 
~Melissa: Nee.. 
So the concept is good anyway :). 
mjr25: CAN I PLAY THE HUNGER GAMES. 
heh. 
no. 
then don't install arch?. 
EpicBurak: dr savior. 
~Melissa: Ze gaan filmen voor... 
its so not the answer to the question i asked. 
Dumb sleep-addled question: is there a simple way to check if a given login is the first login in bash?. 
honden: hee. 
silv3r_m00n: i think that means 5 lines are different, beginning at line 12. 
1*. 
I don't  want to use it.. 
i won't, apparently.. 
rymate :D?. 
tildasoderlund00: HI! :D. 
Why havne't Moneybookers told them yet? YOu can find out by contacting them. 
~Melissa: Levenslied.. 
mjr25: plaz. 
honden: je anita stijl. 
wait so i should get rid of permissions and replace it with gm correct?. 
honden: xD. 
I mean, they definitely should. I just wasn't expecting a video game to be that on top of things. 
I think i'm stuck at about 60. 
I only want to upgrade. 
KRISPY KREEEEME. 
ZekeS: quite the amorphous quesiton. 
coollew3: dobby all mr pets r gone. 
~Melissa: Levenslied... 
cRaZyWeNcH, don't you computer all the time?. 
Archbang is the 'OotB' Arch. 
honden: dat gaan ze filme. 
coollew3: :9. 
I've purchased Minecraft plenty of times. 
coollew3: :(. 
That's why. 
EpicBurak: wanna build something like that together?. 
sauerbraten isn't a Q3A mod. 
EpicBurak: can you get builder rank?. 
falconindy: sorry :<. 
-_-. 
~Melissa: Voor NCRS. 
( couple of accounts for myself, some for friends ). 
orbii: I have a bunch of old PS/2 keyboards, no Honeywells, though.. 
Dr_Savior: :3. 
honden: voor vis tv. 
no, bash wouldn't care. 
Dr_Savior: Lets find another doggy. 
EpicBurak: yeh?. 
look at session IDs. 
~Melissa: Ik zie ook een... 
my first purchase, was delayed, because of that whole anti-fraud stuff. 
~Melissa: Etenstafeltje.. 
lol.. 
It's just unfortunate that some people are more challenged than others. 
honden: ooooo. 
Dr_Savior: FOUND ONE. 
antithesis: I'm gonna need you to write up a thesis on why Arch Linux sucks so much. :). 
You should gut the PS/2 keyboards. 
once i got that taken care of, every further purchase has been smooth.. 
~Melissa: Ze staan te eten.. 
reisio, how do I do that, I have seen many items all of the internet, not sure what to do (I am a noob at Linux). Would you be willing to help me, and get me in the right direction?. 
and a few apple II keyboards. 
honden: ooo. 
apparently 7-11 are selling them now. 
honden: ze zitten neit. 
which are annoying as hell. 
bburhans: shame :( .. i'm always on the lookout for them.  I used to have 10 or more of them, but slowly went through them over the past 15+ years, and even salvaging parts to keep them going.  Havent had one now for 2-3 years since the last one died.. 
Any help on the openGl->2dImages->nouveau problem?. 
Sell them. :P. 
Dr_Savior: NUUUU!!. 
I won!. 
yes!. 
woot. 
Dr_Savior: WILFRED!!. 
 
won what?. 
what you're looking for (assuming the output is consumable) would be the entries beginning with - and +. 
coollew3: ima have to put it down. 
FOOD.. 
all 3 gift codes I have brought were delivered in minutes, before mojang had paypal issues. 
RainbowDash, the game. 
Dr_Savior: NU!. 
RainbowDashh: The Game. 
 
my 32GB ventura fast usb drive w/ ECC showed up .... oooo ... ah .... wish you had one ... psssss hotness. 
~Melissa: Humhum.. 
bburhans, hivemind?. 
~Melissa: Leuk.. 
~Melissa: Nouja.. 
I JUST LOST THE GAME.. 
 
what? krispy kremes?. 
honden: melissa je word bespioneerd. 
Dr_Savior: You get one! Theres one over der. 
breaking up threads on mailing lists is a new sport. 
chrooted_mother: trollswarm.. 
EpicBurak: ANYONE?. 
I JUST LOST THE GAME.. 
the new customize thing in 3.4 is very nice. 
if what you _actually_ want is some sort of singleton method to do initialization in an .rc file, that's different... 
- means that line would come out, + means the line would be inserted. 
indeed. 
~Melissa: xD. 
 
honden: met cameras. 
~Melissa: Ja?. 
chrooted_mother: yes but I don't do much 'typing' of text. 
I almost ended up switching to arch at one point. 
EpicBurak: IEMAND?. 
http://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/get_the_author. 
coollew3: oops. 
cRaZyWeNcH, you're on IRC all the time. 
~Melissa: Ik wil later wel op filmsetten werken hoor ;3. 
honden: ze weten dat je illegaal hebt gedownload xD. 
Dr_Savior: Cool... 
s/puzzles/puzzled. 
Urchin: And you didn't? That means you are SAVED! :D. 
bjrohan: http://help.ubuntu.com/community/BinaryDriverHowto/ATI. 
GN #DEFOCUS. 
Dr_Savior: Nu... 
~Melissa: xD. 
coollew3: yes?. 
tildasoderlund00 was slain by Cave Spider. 
cRaZyWeNcH: me either. I probably type 80-100wpm when i'm ircing, depending how much i'm concentrating.. 
 
Dr_Savior: Nu hurt mah doggy. 
yeah, but I'm far from the most prolific chatter out there.. 
falconindy: ; - that just feels wrong, and I'm looking for a better way to do it. 
It seems I'm very good at typing full sentences, but the dictionary definitions and such with lots of non-semantic punctuation throws me off.. 
if you see +'s with no preceding -'s, then one of the editors is inserting lines (possibly headers) that do not exist in the other file. 
coollew3: i didnt. 
Using the jar bundler  in dev tools should work shouldn't it?. 
crazyclara was slain by Cave Spider. 
 
bburhans: indeed. 
hai. 
Dr_Savior: FFound a camp.. 
right, so what are you actually trying to do. 
spook327 - mechwarrior online. 
lookthatup. 
my terrible accuracy is the problem. I constantly go back and correct errors. 
Holy shit. This looks epic http://elementaryos.org/discover. 
hi. 
~Quinton: What are all the enchants?. 
but probably that won't do it. 
grimeton: hi. 
it's for in a post. 
~Quinton: I mean. 
honden: foood. 
cooked same day apparently. 
Mortvert: got a note about it from a friend of mine. 
cRaZyWeNcH: I keep having that word on american vs. commonwealth spelling mostly.. 
~Quinton: What is the best enchant?. 
honden: fire. 
induz: precise, Ubuntu 12.04. 
cRaZyWeNcH, I've got a wee bit of that too, that's when I only get 75. 
i need to take up whorin' to run it. 
is there a sysctl var one can set to prevent the kernel from adding routes to interfaces while configuring those interfaces ?. 
er word/problem. 
~Melissa: Fire.. 
I have a $10 keyboard :\. 
honden: xd. 
^. 
~Melissa: Of push. 
highly doubtful. 
I wouldn't buy that. 
coollew3: fire and reward thingy. 
 
Soldierman54321: Seriously. The holdup is either at Moneybookers or with your credit card company. Go yell at them.. 
Distro?. 
I heard they're pretty bad. 
Psi-Jack: I thought it was a nice distro, it's just that I had too much problems with my network router that I didn't know how to fix while trying to learn a new distro at the same time. 
 
 
MrElendig, just found another great thing about nouveau, when I was using the proprietary driver, I had to run cromium with the pepper flash plugin because pages with flash were lagging, this was leading to no full screen on flash, now with nouveau I don't need the pepper plugin :). 
I spent a lot on mine b/c I'm stupid and can't save my money. 
like, the baddest of them all. 
Krispy Kreme?. 
I require no fancy keyboards, although the lower the depth the more efficient I am when writing prose.. 
ye. 
TF2 players, get watching. 
http://www.twitch.tv/pyyyour. 
I'm using my laptop's keyboard.. 
side note, if you have not yet tried girl scout + nestle crunch thin mint bars, you're missing out. 
dax: get this IBM one with a touchpad included. 
chrooted_mother, I can't either.. 
Dr_Savior: Good wilfred. 
Urchin: Bleh. It's not a good distro at all.. 
dax: i did some tests a few years ago, and found i consistently typed 15-20wpm faster on that particular honeywell vs. other keyboard :/. 
chrooted_mother, I want Perylene Maroon so badly.. 
crazyclara drowned. 
It feels so right though and now my hands don't feel all cramped up and carpel-tunnel-y when I'm computering all day. 
I was trying to upgrade using the the system update... 
STAFFPONY!. 
I've tried one before, they taste alright, you just feel like a fatass eating it. 
you ninja.. 
meh.. 
reisio thank you, I will have a go. 
~Quinton: brb. 
Dr_Savior: Wiflreds doggy house. 
 
distribution of linux. 
international purchaces are a bitch the first time, due to security issues. 
thanks for help :). 
chrooted_mother, SO. BADLY.. 
nah, its ok. 
X-Jester, pancreatic cancer in a box ... sold by little communist girls .... nice. 
hai bburhans. 
at least I do... I'm not overweight... but nothing makes me feel more disgusting than eating a donut or something like that from a bakery. 
Knowing where to apply the pressure is half the battle. 
it frustrates the hell out of me that it's basically impossible to buy a 101/102-key keyboard anymore.. 
 
did you see its stacks?. 
 
i'm just going to put my name in somewhere statically. 
I do not like the CD it is an old tech. 
My laptop keyboard feels right because I use one all the time but my OCD slows me down. :P. 
i want to keep the theme stock. 
i wonder if i'd do better typing not wearing gloves. 
orbii, We have a br-abnt2 here. :D. 
I wonder if I need to take another nap.. 
Thats wwhat i askwd. 
cRaZyWeNcH, prolly. 
wench: almost certainly. 
*asked. 
honden: her creeper creeper creeper. 
Staffpony: I like how you show up here first rather than slightly more official or staff business channels. :D. 
orbii, It covers all english characters and more. 
cmnky: what does, in practice, the ECC bit mean?  "This stick probably won't die during the next two years?". 
Anyone else get extreme lag and/or crash on typing /plugins on a server with lots of plugins? I got that issue after patching a lot of spout code into my client but found a fix for it, wondering if it affects spout itself. 
ActionParsnip, these card used to get recognised on Ubuntu10.04..i dont have a cd to run 12.04 live...is there any s/w i can get my pics from these sd cards??. 
have balloon ... will pop ;). 
lol.. 
ok, but hi-res videos are lagging :(. 
orbii, (Ours, of course). 
cmnky: but it's in a nestle wrapper, it's got to be totally safe. 
falconindy: run some commands in bash_profile on the first login to my system; checking what tty it's on might be a better idea than 3 separate commands. 
oh. 
woodywoodpecker: wie is er nl. 
derp. 
honden: ikke. 
 
~Melissa: Ik.. 
coollew3: never mind me. 
~Melissa: Lol.. 
I will monster a block of chocolate on occasion however:D. 
elementaryos. 
coollew3: LOL. 
http://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/get_userdata  that should do it. 
or check for the success of the commands.... 
#defocus is a official no topic channel made by the staff. :P. 
Dr_Savior: Dx. 
EpicBurak: hey. 
EpicBurak: melissa. 
orbii, It's 104-105 keys, I think. 
It's pretty much official but with no topic.. 
or only run one login shell. 
megabyte: no idae what 'br-abnt2' is. 
~Melissa: Hey.. 
honden: hey. 
bburhans: I show up everywhere!. 
EpicBurak: can you protect some ground. 
induz: it'll need to be seen by the OS first, you may need to make a udev rule. I suggest you check the latest release to see if the newer kernel makes it work ok. 
and if its 104/105 - zero itnerest. 
honden: ik ben melissa. 
| /commands. 
oops. 
EpicBurak: for me. 
 
orbii, It's the official code for a Brazilian Portuguese keyboard. 
~Melissa: Uh.. 
 
~Melissa: Sure. 
o.O ok. 
jelly-home, the controller chip has ECC algos built into it, such that, the lower priced multi-layer flash chips, which are pretty much ubiquitous when it comes to flash drives, have a higher reliability, more closing matching more expensive but less dense industrial SLC drives. 
mplayer/vlc > flash anyway. 
orbii, It makes typing accents much easier. 
~Melissa: If you can mark it.. 
more. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plPsnWFng0w. 
ahuh.. 
wut. 
EpicBurak: hold on. 
Iknow. 
you could also just write your name in the footer :P. 
Anyone some experience in creating a custom keyboard in android?. 
and mplayer > vlc. 
kalh synexeia :-). 
instead of getting the value from the database. 
80 keys. :P. 
weegeelolz was slain by Spider. 
�������. 
which keyboard layout do you guys use to type English?. 
<Megabyte> aaaAaaA. 
how does one 111wpm?. 
was wii smash bros better than n64 smash bros?. 
what type of mplayer package?. 
Oh it's working now. Had to assign more memory. Worth putting up on the net?. 
asus xonar d1 driver just corrupted my RAGE savegame by BSODing while saving \o/. 
petercommand, The very same. 
no typos?. 
depends on what you are doing. vlc is nice for streaming to other devices. 
hello. 
coollew3: is there a way to get enchanted items on gm?. 
I got 98.something accuracy. 
honden: yeah. 
As I said, my keyboard includes everything a US keyboard does. 
chrooted_mother: typing with fewer errors. I type >100wpm, but the errors always kill me. 
tudnátok segíteni?. 
~Melissa: ./enchant all?. 
gtmanfred: pong. 
largest SLC i could find was 4GB, and it was expensive, relatively speaking, and 4GB isn't enough for a robust gentoo install. 
 
 
plus my own subset. 
HEY. Which Culture novel should I read next? I just finished Matter, and have read a couple others... The Player of Games, Use of Weapons, and pieces of The State of the Art.. 
 
cmnky: so it's basically a mlc ssd with only 2 flash chips instead of the usual 10-32. 
For some reason my blog pages shows the same thing as my home page. 
I have linux mint 12 dvd, but I want to use ubuntu. because I can use soft RAID and mint do not support it.. 
HELLO. 
orbii, I'm usually around 97 or 98 percent, idk what my typing speed is without correcting myself. 
Anyone know what would cause this?. 
 
reisio: I don't see my card listed, I have a dell inspiron 6400 with AMD ATI Radeon x1400, AMD/ATI site lists Radeon HD or a x1200 series, any thoughts?. 
bburhans: what is a 'culture novel'. 
It's using the default template. 
jelly-home, more or less. 
orbii: it's a series by Iain Banks.. 
hello. 
famous scifi author.. 
chrooted_mother: Just type all day. That's what I do at work. I usually get around 110.. 
orbii, Oh, you can't see it?. 
cant be too famous, i've never heard of em. 
weegeelolz: o.0. 
I'm a pretty big fan of the Culture series.. 
the Culture is a metacivilization in spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace. 
its just a more reliable flash drive ... as opposed to ... cheap $2 you buy now from china drives. 
when I edit index.php, nothing happens. 
orbii, I use xchat. 
megabyte: nope, no unicode here.. 
coollew3: why does it say i dont think so?. 
woodywoodpecker: wie is er nl. 
for streaming?. 
failtime: good. Recommend me one to read next.. 
ffmpeg. 
~Melissa: I have no idea?. 
orbii, I think xchat (from google) is unicode by default. 
Matter was probably my favourite so far.. 
orbii, Which is awesome. 
honden: hee. 
Consider Phlebas is the first one and would be good to start with.. 
reisio: unless I go with a desktop, then it shows me a Radeon x1xxx series although I have a laptop. 
Dr_Savior: Cool you still traveling with me?. 
im sticking it inside that wyse thin client print server / web browser i got off ebay for $32. 
/tmp in Arch is default half of a ram ramdisk, right?. 
coollew3: yeah ill tp to u. 
89wpm, 98.1 err. 
I have that at my disposal and have not yet read it. 
Megabyte: i started ircing without unicode, i dont plan on ever bothering with it.. 
Dr_Savior: Okai. 
and using it as boot / root. 
I'll do that now. :D. 
 
coollew3: does yourd do that dobby. 
I also really enjoyed Use Of Weapons. Matter was pretty good.. 
I gave up on that one. 
coollew3: does yours?. 
OH OK. 
~Melissa: What?. 
I need to pick up Surface Detail since I don't have it.. 
how do I create a directory and a folder in unbuntu terminal?. 
SO. 
coollew3: say i dont think so. 
88.7% accuracy is really poor. 
STRIKINK252, less caps please. 
could you turn of capslock?. 
Use of Weapons was less seamless than Matter, imho. Both very good.. 
orbii, For someone that doesn't use accents, it makes no difference, but for someone who does, it is a big deal. 
~Melissa: Maybe no perm?. 
EpicBurak: karo. 
karolina52: ja. 
ok. 
EpicBurak: ik heb zelf een huis. 
sure. 
karolina52: ok. 
grimeton: are you trying to prevent the default local routes created when an interface is brought up? or additional static routes?. 
Megabyte: *shrug* i wont be able to see them either way.. 
EpicBurak: hier. 
tmpfs by default is half the available physical RAM. 
Dr_Savior: Anyone like Doctor who?. 
How can i tell if a USB drive can be used for booting?. 
is it off. 
EpicBurak: naast jullie. 
s/half/. 
bburhans: Yeah, the back-and-forth for Use of Weapons made it less interesting to read for me until the *very* end.. 
karolina52: leuke spullen in je kist :/. 
EpicBurak: :P. 
sylow, yeah, thats what i mean. 
 
What recovery do you guys use?. 
orbii, ...well, you don't use UTF-8 or UTF-16 anway, so of course not :P. 
97% accuracy. 
 
I have a device but it is FAT formatted. 
nope. 
ActionParsnip, its not getting by OSs-win 7 and ubuntu. 
bjrohan: listed w here?. 
it IS the half. 
love those books. 
by default. 
karolina52: hoeveel dia heb jij?. 
oksy STRIKINK252 what is your problem?. 
yay better that time, upto 94%. 
battlehands: mkdir directory. 
orbii, And you won't also be able to see things like π = 3,1415.... 
EpicBurak: veel. 
Thank you.. 
and the partition manager does not seem to work on it. 
karolina52: ik 32. 
joeko: if bios supports usb boot. 
EpicBurak: mooi. 
ok i need help with something on the xbox 360 version of minecraft. 
OrdinaryMagician: the s/half/ was for Wojo  not falconindy. 
im just wondering how i can share my server with others. 
failtime: Matter had that, too, but it was so fluid and more integrated at all times, so I didn't notice or care.. 
karolina52: had grot gevonde. 
honden: ik veel. 
open footer.php and put it in somewhere ;). 
coollew3: oh good god. 
Megabyte: nope.. 
Player of Games is probably the best intro. 
oh. 
oh. 
doesnt bother me at all :). 
"half of a ramdisk" doesn't make that much sense in the context. 
orbii, Or φύσις. 
true. 
what's your problem clewis?. 
tildasoderlund00 was slain by Cave Spider. 
STRIKINK252, we can try and help, but not many of us here play on the xbox. 
"is a ramdisk" does. 
mkdir /home/foldername. 
Dr_Savior: Good wilfrfed... 
<Megabyte> orbii, Or I?I?I?I1I?. 
nurd_: look at http://code.google.com/p/hackerskeyboard/ maybe. 
joeko: if you can boot from it, it supports booting. 
nope.. 
I get this error when using townychat with craftbukkit++, it's fine with normal craftbukkit http://pastebin.com/hrNFN9HN Anyone any idea?. 
how do you mean share your server?. 
clockworkmod touch. 
ok. 
orbii, "Physis" in its original form. 
my client strips that 8th bit off. 
Megabyte: is that a actual word?. 
i want people to join my server. 
or just bashing. 
coollew3: dobby can u ask if i can have the permission?. 
https://projects.archlinux.org/svntogit/packages.git/tree/trunk/fstab?h=packages/filesystem. 
Title: svntogit/packages.git - Git clone of the 'packages' subversion repository (at projects.archlinux.org). 
probably won't work. 
on the computer. 
relevant. 
95.8 accuracy. 
gry, No, it is an actual word. 
~Melissa: Hum.. 
but mkdir foo in ~/ probably will. 
they need your ip to join. 
why not?. 
~Melissa: Maybe.. 
cwm 5.0.2.7 nontouch. 
bburhans: I also enjoyed seeing the interaction between all of the higher-tech races in Matter. You didn't get that as much in the other books.. 
reisio: Do you know what happened to the gnome-power-manager daemon? Is there a replacement? I can't figure that power management now only works when a user is actively logged into a gnome X session, does it?). 
if I could get 99 or 100 accuracy I bet I could beat dax. 
because /home/ isn't usually owned by non-root. 
Dr_Savior: Cool i can do it for you.. 
whats the best util to take a tsv of filenames + urls, and to pipe it to wget to download, like `wget -O filename url` ... is that sed or awk or just BASH?. 
 
So all modern USB drives can be used as a boot disk. 
 
gry, the ancient greek spelling for the word "nature". 
clewis202, you will need to portforward your router to allow connections from outside your network. 
coollew3: dw dr. 
99.3% accuracy there. 
90% this time but 72wpm again. 
Dr_Savior: I'm best friends with Rhyan. (Rcs10). 
to do that you must have the port forwarded. 
is there a website where i can post my server ip. 
wait what. 
ah. 
bburhans: you should read some neal stephenson *nod*. 
~Melissa: Lol.. 
MERR. 
it's sort of hard to make something "half of a ramdisk" since most ramdisks doesn't support quota. 
easier without gloves on. 
~Melissa: LOLOL. 
minecraftforum. 
i need a new PC to run it ;_:. 
 
5.0.4 nontouch. 
~Melissa: TROLOLOL.. 
If the bios supports it. 
stephenson <3. 
 
honden: LOLOLOLOLOLOL. 
in the server section. 
lol. 
orbii: the only thing I've read is SNow Crash. 
 
ok thanks. 
kodomo: there are a number of power management packages, they do tend to be related to desktop environments, though. 
:p. 
amazing book. 
on the ati/amd site listed on the link you sent me earlier. When I entered Desktop, then radeon, then x1xxx series (I have Radeon X1400) it shows a list of products that do not include x1400 (like x1050, x1200), and says it is a legacy driver, and to use Catalyst 9.3 from 2009. 
bye. 
(not just GNOME, however). 
gry, physis (the modern is "physh"). 
bburhans: try REAMDE. 
sad that they don't. 
@lutzee or use a VPN like hamachi. 
Ive installed the one that goo manager installs. 
or cryptonomicon. 
honden: jee. 
CounterPillow, you REALLY love asus don't you? :P. 
indeed. 
upstream patch for it was rejected, too. 
seems neat. 
reisio: How do I tell what driver I am currently running. 
I can give my keys custom backgrounds with android:keyBackground in a KeyboardView, this makes all the keys the same background.. 
im stuck in the nether with no  normal resorses and im trying to exit through the nether but it just freeses. 
I want to read crypto next. 
honden: waarom krijg ik mute. 
Dr_Savior: Can defaults mute? O_e. 
honden: ikben aardig. 
bjrohan: so check the 9.3 list. 
Now I want to change the background of one single key, but I can't get this. 
also I started typing in that race when you guys were almost done. 
diamond age is also excellent. 
 
cuddylier, cp++ creates lots of issues like that. 
I wanted ramdisk with quota for my vps :(. 
bjrohan: lspci -k | less. 
coollew3: no?. 
Whare are the main reasons that hamachi isn't liked around here?. 
how did you manage to do that. 
I've read Snow Crash and The Diamond Age. Both awesome.. 
it always works. 
TIL it doesn't start counting for you when you join, it starts counting when the race starts. 
the only way around it is to contact the devs and ask them to support a totally unsupported platform. 
lamers. 
i like hamachi. 
honden: i can>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>not. 
Is there anyway to fix them? No? It was the only plugin which broke with craftbukkit++. 
i also recommend Cory Doctorow - not always the best author, but good ideas.. 
that you shouldnt be talking about in here. 
* oollew3 ermahgerd guys. 
Oh, sorry lol. 
ew hamachi. 
honden: lol. 
92.8 accuracy. 
I'm reading the second Baroque Cycle book right now. 
zivester: like where the filename goes on the end of the URI?. 
and i'm kind of failing to forward porst every time. 
i need to upgrade for minecraft as it is :P. 
* r_Savior Is making out with a dog.. 
*ports. 
or to not use unoffocial versions that change the product. 
95.9%. 
zivester, probably a combination of bash and awk. 
it just doesn't wok. 
joeko: I wouldn't say that. 
*work. 
linode should start putting the vms on ssd's. 
X-Jester: the default link local subnet route that is added when adding an ip to the interface. 
honden: o.o. 
89.6%. 
joeko: but probably most. 
 
oh dear, what did i start :/. 
Dr_Savior: Jk it's hondens mum >;3. 
~Melissa: 0.o. 
Do you guys use goomanger?. 
Would you like some port forwarding help?. 
DiskDaemon, laggy really laggy. 
honden: oo. 
:p. 
optifine. 
I'm reading the first baroqe cycle book. 
hello guys. 
orbii, now I'm addicted. 
you jerk. 
* oollew3 loves dobby <3. 
hi. 
honden: hahah. 
hi. 
lol. 
Dr_Savior: NU HE'S MINE!!!. 
hello. 
accuract goes down your wpm goes down more. 
sorry :(. 
newest optifine slows me down. 
Hai adroc. 
Anyone read anything by Alastair Reynolds? I've heard good things but I've never read anything by him yet.. 
grimeton: i don't think you can prevent that outside of not putting an IP address on an interface. 
~Melissa: ;3. 
hey. 
Amaranth: A completely self contained minecraft server within an app bundle ;). 
how are you?. 
reisio, can you recommend and brands. 
vanderj: I doubt that works. 
wordpresss. 
*any. 
is there any s/w to get back pics from a sd card??. 
you can netmask it down to a tiny chunk, but if you put an IP on it, it gets a local route. 
STRIKINK252, like we said not much we can do as we don't know much about the game. 
* Melissa loves people that love me.. 
ok. 
I get this error when using townychat with craftbukkit++, it's fine with normal craftbukkit http://pastebin.com/hrNFN9HN. 
Including console. 
Hackerskeyboard has a selector with folowing lines. 
not on the xbox at lease. 
Anyone any idea?. 
joeko: not verbatim. 
least*. 
* r_Savior doesn't love me, i only love dobby >;3. 
    <item android:state_pressed="true". 
          android:drawable="@drawable/btn_keyboard_key_light_pressed" />. 
    <item android:drawable="@drawable/btn_keyboard_key_light_normal" />. 
cool, thanks. 
being under constant NDA is probably the only thing i dislike about my job. 
I got one problem that really annoys me on unity.  Is there any way to stop a window's title bar merging with the panel when maximised?. 
well ok thanks anyway. 
reisio: that's what I feared... There seems to be a new philosophy that everything should be centered around a user X session... tough luck if one wants to use the terminal or keep Wifi connectivity for SSH access when logged out of a laptop :P. 
X-Jester: yeah, but that should be something one should be able to disable. 
Dr_Savior: Who is this "Me" You speak of?!. 
induz: what filesystem was on it?. 
quotas on tmpfs? seems fucking useless. 
I tried to add a custom state "locked" in attrs.xml but hadn't any luck with that. 
X-Jester: in some routing setups it's necessary. 
Disable Towny's version check cuddylier. 
coollew3: what does power 2 do?. 
I created a page, named it blog. In the settings, I set this page as the default page for posts. But when I go to the page in the browser, it's the same page as my home page. 
especially with ipv6. 
yeah, but I install the roms it downloads manually. 
Dr_Savior: !!!!!!. 
~Melissa: The me is me.. 
STRIKINK252: WHat happens when you die in the Nether. DO you respawn in there or back i the Overworld?. 
anyone know why?. 
curses. 
honden: hihi. 
Is that in the config?. 
kodomo: not really.... 
Dr_Savior: But the me is secretly me. 
no i just want to download every url, as "filename".. basically how do i format a wget request correctly and execute it.. i would use xargs but I think that only takes input in the same order. 
In the Towny config yes. 
http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/Xbox_360_Edition_known_bugs#Nether_.26_portals. 
honden: and me. 
people who don't want to use a DE do things manually. 
failtime: I've read Reynolds, he's great, though the ending of the reveleation space trillogy sucks a bit. 
Okay, thanks. 
what would happen if you netmasked it to 255.255.255.255?. 
91.8. 
Dr_Savior: No, you're not loved. 
god. 
And that's the only issue?. 
reisio: so this would be what I am have installed, the radeon kernel module?. 
like i think PPP adapters have done?. 
http://paste.ubuntu.com/1056025/. 
Yes. 
honden: by my mom. 
coollew3: screw all u guys c'est moi. 
http://i.imgur.com/CltJ1.png. 
lel. 
 
honden: forever alone. 
http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/Xbox_360_Edition_known_bugs#Nether_.26_portals STRIKINK252. 
reisio, FAT but I guess now it is just WFD. 
my typing was so bad in that one i just gave up. 
 
bjrohan: that is at the very least what you are _using_. 
WPD. 
Urchin: Cool, any recommendations on what to start with?. 
<Flamewar> CB++ Enhances the project. And is nothing more then a Mod. Given that Bukkit is itself a Mod... I since pettiness. </Flamewar> <LURK />. 
X-Jester: that's a point to point route (peer), which is something i don't do. 
phsi: not really... the altnerative is to mount N tmpfs's for N users rather than to just divy up the pool. 
cRaZyWeNcH, I got 77 with an accuracy of 91. 
hence why i don't update. 
16:29:|17 < Wojo> /tmp in Arch is default half of a ram ramdisk, right?. 
 
that doesn't really scale well. 
sense*. 
I feel terrible. 
~Melissa: BRAAM. 
phsi: can be handy for server stuff, instead of making 200 ramdisks. 
~Melissa: HEYO. 
MyCraeft: ja. 
btw, it does want 100% eventual accuracy, right? It won't move on with a typo, and I'm not wasting time correcting myself?. 
I assumed available is the word you will think of.. 
hm, but it could work. 
honden: heeyehehyeeyooo. 
oh thanks. 
~Melissa: Hoi?. 
Good. 
so you just play SSP?. 
MyCraeft: hoi. 
cat myfile.tsv | xargs wget -O $1 $2 .... would be idealy how i would want it. 
ha, it can't. 
someone familiar to OpenVG and SVG images ?. 
lame. 
MyCraeft: hoi honden. 
honden: hjee. 
pretty much. 
was worth a shot. 
sometimes smp. 
and I never said half of ramdisk :>. 
I started with the prequell to it called Chasm City, it's a bit of noir detective stuff with revenge in a transhumanist setting. 
you must be correct. 
because i need the subnet information on the interface. 
but in ssp, i have a ton of mods. 
MyCraeft: dat is ook een liedje eeyeeyoo weetje. 
 
 
 
I hate the correcting yourself part. 
honden: eeyyeyoyeuueoy. 
i run a few, not many. 
Urchin: Awesome, thanks.. 
But you helped me with something, so thanks.. 
http://i.imgur.com/EL8Dc.jpg LOL. 
falconindy: it does. 
bburhans: that's what i've found yes. but if you have the 100wpm typing test captcha you dont need to iirc.. 
 
I'd be 100+ if I didn't have to. 
MyCraeft: ja oke stop maar. 
 
honden: nyan nyan nyan. 
induz: http://www.linuxquestions.org/questions/linux-general-1/how-to-recover-deleted-files-from-a-fat32-volume-in-linux-739511/ for example. 
 
what else may I be using? I don't recall installin Catalyst at all, however I have been battling this problem for months on my own with no resolution. Basically, no 3D acceleration for all the cool things. 
 
silly captcha.. 
if someone don't have answer to my question at least tell me that I am not the only one that unity annoys me with that global menu. 
~Melissa: ;3. 
hate it.. 
haha. 
two weeks of being away and no /msgs.  I miss being famous around here :|. 
:E. 
bjrohan: may have swapped during your upgrade, I couldn't speak to that. 
rson: i still love you. 
 
~Melissa: Bram.. 
CWM touch is just too easy for me to bother straying. 
MyCraeft: ja. 
meh @ bear pic. 
bjrohan: find out what you _should be using_, and then make sure you -are using it-. 
~Melissa: Wie vond jij de beste Sjonnie?. 
rson: you're almost famous forever. 
Raniy: And as with any mod, for any problems that are known to be caused by a particular mod and not by bukkit or basic configurationproblems, the person asking the question was directed to project devs. 
rson: who are you?. 
reisio, let me read and try that site. 
Mmmmmmm SMP mods. 
bjrohan: I'm guessing fglrx. 
reisio: it's not about doing things manually that I complain... having a system bus, management daemons and controlling applets is one thing... but integrating daemons and applets into a monolithic WM is another (I don't grasp the advantage of the latter but see the crippling effect in flexibility and exchangeability of components.... 
too far Sqozza too far.... 
MyCraeft: martijn. 
i've seen huge installations that have been using pam_namespace since.. forever. 
). 
 
DG_element, yes. Permissions 2/3 is DEAD. It WILL NOT WORK. 
 If you are having problems with Essentials it's a good idea to check your server log for errors, if you can't understand it, pastebin the startup log and errors so we can see.. 
so humor for a minute. 
MyCraeft: me broertje kijkt. 
I didn't make it. 
bburhans: correct. 
~Melissa: Smurfen tellen niet mee.. 
shush Lain . 
honden: lol. 
kodomo: what is it you want to have happen?. 
and admittedly I'd totally watch it. 
95 again. 
xD. 
I didn't like that the Captcha had to be done at the same speed you got in the game. It's a decent bit harder to read.... 
F%#%#%. 
Or is this too far, lots of Miley Cyrus tattoos all on the one person http://thechive.com/2012/06/21/one-thugs-obsession-with-miley-cyrus-8-photos/. 
chroot: it says you got 78wpm here. 
was going all right till the last sentence. 
No I closed the Flamewar, up there see? Right before I entered LURK... Oh... drat.. 
 
coollew3: lets go fight. 
you want to set up an interface, for example, with an ip address of 192.168.1.1, subnet mask of 255.255.255.0, and you don't want the static local route that directs anything bound for 192.168.1.0/24 out of the interface?. 
accuracy. 
Dr_Savior: OMFG. 
 
coollew3: lol. 
honden: any body has spider eyes for me. 
Dr_Savior: YOU MADE ME SHIT MYSELF. 
MyCraeft: koen. 
how would I find out what more I am using, such as catalyst or fglrx? Here is the site for the x1400 specs. 
http://www.amd.com/us/products/notebook/graphics/ati-mobility-hd-x1000/x1400/Pages/x1400.aspx. 
KeeCie: ja. 
1/10 of the way to 20,000 lines :D. 
~Melissa: Lolwhat?. 
MyCraeft: de jegt. 
reisio: is this a serious question?. 
honden: mag ik ze. 
MyCraeft: regt. 
leading me to believe I should have 3D rendering. 
Wulfspider http://pastebin.com/GDyVknfH this?. 
KeeCie: ja. 
KeeCie: ja. 
MyCraeft: jij was de beste sjonnie. 
that is worse. 
honden: ok. 
KeeCie: thx. 
you're using radeon, as previously determined. 
yes. 
because that is, to me, the exact definition of what must happen on the ip stack when you add an interface. 
MyCraeft: gisteren. 
honden: kom naar spawn. 
~Melissa: Was ie ook.. 
99.5 percent. 
honden: wat wil je ervoor. 
kodomo: nice talking with you. 
Dr_Savior: At dawn, we travel.. 
I came in first!. 
X-Jester: yes that is exacltly what i want. 
wow, i'm staying out, my eyes are still busted.. 
I personally support monolithic integration. It's much simpler, from the total system point of view, than allowing alternate implementations.. 
X-Jester: yeah, but just for you ;). 
Just to :true right?. 
Miley Cyrus: worse than the Holocaust. 
i don't think it's just to me. 
reisio: OK, you had just said at the very least, I thought that perhaps I may have something else overtop of that in use. 
KeeCie: !. 
one more. 
just one. 
honden: hee keecie kom naar spawn met je spinnenogen. 
haha, famous last words. 
I've just walked in, but perhaps this conversation would be better suited for ##networking?. 
coollew3: lets go now. 
KeeCie: spinnen ogen??. 
honden: ja. 
EpicBurak: melissa. 
MyCraeft: ben je in de winkel?. 
I think that Beiber would win out over both of them. 
Dr_Savior: It's dangerous at night... 
I'm not flaming or warring, I'm just saying this isn't a case of pettiness, there are a lot of problems where a user is directed to the project devs since #bukkit is about #bukkit. 
someone alive?. 
~Melissa: Yes. 
MyCraeft: kun je me tpen. 
EpicBurak: come. 
KeeCie: de winkel??. 
X-Jester: if you do brouting with the same subnet on both sides and you have to decide which host goes on which interface, you can't live with the default route that is added for the link local subnet. 
coollew3: exactly. 
 
cmr: he began by asking if there's a sysctl way to prevent that behavior, sorry. 
honden: nee. 
Dr_Savior: Alright then.. 
*is about bukkit, not pound that second time. 
hi I'm having some problems with HDMI audio. I installed nvidia prop drivers and can see an HDMI audio device in the settings, but I cannot select it to be the device to play audio, and testing audio from the CP after selecting plays from laptop speakers. I found my HDMI device using aplay -D hw:1,9 testsound.wav where, 1,9 is the device that plays over HDMI successfully. How can I set the audio settings to use this? 12.04. 
EpicBurak: u need to protect this area. 
EpicBurak: for me. 
 
Toagac|gtfoCISPA - mind if you take that |gtfocispa part off your nick? v:. 
zivester, could you use some sort of site mirror tool?. 
MyCraeft: melissa waar ben je. 
honden: ik ben niet in de winkel. 
As far as I know. 
is he jewish?. 
EpicBurak: inspect the house. 
Is there an application like tapatalk for Linux?. 
Beiber is in a different league. 
I assumed twitter Tagging ;P. 
 
Never used them. 
~Melissa: This all?. 
~Melissa: This room?. 
what is tapatalk?. 
X-Jester, don't apologize :p. I'm just saying, there's a higher average level of networking knowledge in ##networking. 
MyCraeft: melis kun je me tpen?. 
linuxdroid: never ask to ask? just ask .... 
EpicBurak: all. 
bjrohan: so follow the instructions I gave you earlier, but download the 9.3 version instead of the 12 version. 
i'm out. 
lol. 
~Melissa: W8 ff bram.. 
what sort of a name is. 
not awak enuogh. 
grimeton: An Android App. 
MyCraeft: ok. 
Xxxxdingdong. 
ohai james. 
Dr_Savior: WILFREDD!!!!!!!!. 
aw. 
EpicBurak: theres another room downstairs. 
honden: heeeft nieiiemend sspineennene oggenne. 
MouseTheLuckyDog, http://alternativeto.net/software/tapatalk/?platform=linux. 
~James: Hi. 
 
Dr_Savior: I shall avenge you. 
lemme ask him. 
dazappa: still using pulseaudio as far as you know?. 
mrittman: did you set a static hoem page. 
?. 
reisio: Gotcha, is fglrx catalyst?. 
But yes, Im not disagreeing with that at all. Its the percieved hostility anytime CB++ is mentioned... You dont see that reaction to say someone mentioning a mod to the vanilla server. They just get calmly redirected. 
honden: aaloo. 
Mortvert: gett a life without op!. 
yes. 
this mean that ubuntu 12 is not ready to use yet. 
~Melissa: Oki.. 
 
eitherway not sure #android-dev is the right place.. 
Dr_Savior: Cool it's your fault he's dead! >;o. 
~Melissa: Protected.. 
EpicBurak: the entrance too. 
dav1d - wut. 
honden: melissa heb je spinnen ogen. 
Hello when I run the ch_04_fragments android project from the professional android applications book I can only see the list fragment and not the details fragment. 
 
86.5%. 
anyone know how to use the style dialogs apply to the layout holding the buttons? it is very much /not/ @android:style/ButtonBar. 
coollew3: what did i do?. 
i suck. 
MyCraeft: melissa tp?. 
LL. 
I have a separate page called Home. 
89.4% accuracy will kill you ever tyime.. 
honden: o\. 
it thinks I cheated. 
lol, even. 
cmr: ah. 
Mortvert: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAgti_2uziA – watch this video and take out your op in the bus. 
zivester, how is the file formatted e.g. "uri\tfile1\tfile2". 
url?. 
yup, you broke 100wpm. 
set as a static front page. 
stfushla. 
that's normal. 
and spread some perma ban love. 
damn desktop is annoying me. 
reisio: I have not poked around the internals after doing a fresh install, so yes I think it's still using pulse. 
s/cmr/Psi-Jack/g. 
I geninely laughed. 
haha. 
http://play.typeracer.com/?rt=trorbii. 
use a tty, then. 
dazappa: do you have an /etc/asound.conf file?. 
coollew3: come here. 
no clue who rson is, nosr however. 
Dr_Savior: I lost you.. 
coollew3: we shall avenge him. 
hey guys What are you use Ubuntu.. 
dazappa: if so please pastebin it. 
honden: ok ik ga naar de wc niet al te veel missen he. 
i'd ban these kids from life. 
i m trying to make an app something like " connect the dots". 
maybe that should be my new nick. 
Glad you found some help cuddylier. 
Matspet00: im in this random house chilliing :D. 
 
There's a video from that same place on the art of arm contortion - I won't link it here though. 
joeko: it's a tsv... here is what i got myfile.tsv | awk '{print "wget -O temp/" $1".jpg",$2}'. 
this^. 
:D. 
 . 
Hi?. 
now that prints out the correct human readable command.. how do i execute it?. 
 . 
Mortvert: peerma1. 
thanks. 
coollew3: over here. 
but also trying to introduce some interactivity in the dots with the user.!. 
*perma!. 
kinda hard when the machine s borked. 
yes, hi. 
Dr_Savior: You spawned that... 
whoami: what are?. 
yes, hello, staff here. 
Wait. 
coollew3: yeah. 
bjrohan: yes. 
Dr_Savior: xD. 
today also available:  "hello" and "good day". 
empty as your soul. 
so need help regarding OpenVG and SVG images. 
 
zivester, xargs. 
L3top: no, VI returns new file and checking in the file manager I don't see it either. 
unfortunately we are out of "g'day mate". 
StaffPONY?. 
Dr_Savior: What do ghast tears do?. 
Matspet00: daley!. 
Matspet00: hi!. 
coollew3: dunno. 
one second.... 
piping it to | xargs just lists all the files?. 
23daley23: they are for poitions. 
wait. 
Shu a brony?. 
he laughed?. 
brb. 
ttuttle: >_>. 
i have no idea about how to proceed regarding svg and OpenVG.!!. 
side2sideful: no. 
bburhans: <_<. 
Matspet00: do u remeber me from the old server?. 
back. 
zivester, `myfile.tsv | awk '{print "wget -O temp/" $1".jpg",$2}'`. 
89.2 accuracy that time. 
Dr_Savior: I FOUND A CAVE!. 
yes, that is the default behavior of xargs. read the man page. 
side2sideful: it's a running gag. 
23daley23: Yes. 
'vi'. 
why is the other guest not typinggggggggggggg. 
TWRP seems nice. 
Matspet00: ok ...... 
*click*. 
damn. 
23daley23: with the warp /cookie. 
He aint smiling no more. 
23daley23: i remember. 
nice hat, dax. 
Matspet00: yeah. 
Dr_Savior: Someones been here... 
Justin Beiber is a disgrace to Canada.. 
Is there some way to enable a footer only on 1 template and not on the others?. 
its supposed to be faster. 
zivester, anything inside "`" backticks. 
but its new and I'm frightened of change. 
He came from Canada?. 
is executed. 
Linux Powah!. 
 
He left Canada. 
nevermind. 
Matspet00: im going to start a new one i think ..... 
and came back. 
MyCraeft: wat kun je eigenlijk met draad?. 
and left. 
Dr_Savior: Dude... 
and came back. 
he was chased out of canada. 
ha. 
Matspet00: idk yet. 
i dont wanna race, my typing speed is only gonna be reflective of my contact lenses having been worn for 16+ hours and getting scratchy and hard to see out of :/. 
23daley23: neat. 
coollew3: sorry. 
and left. 
~James: There you go rymate - your nether looks much better now. 
with pitchforks and flaming torches. 
You know what they say about them canadian girls. 
try it, i really like it. 
joeko, should really use $() instead of ``. 
23daley23: err. 
i was scared. 
coollew3: was trying to aim near u to scare u XD. 
:/. 
hrmmm. 
joeko: genius... that's what I was trying to do!. 
wear glasses. 
but now I am glad. 
remind me not to do a cat on messages...... its taking forever. 
orbii: so don't? I got bored and stopped :P. 
contacts sux. 
now everything else sucks. 
orbii: I am really really bad about my contacts. 
jk. 
REALLY BAD. 
can't risk it, no backup phone. 
I wear glasses :D. 
tbh, I really don't care about justin beiber, or the attention whores who "hate justin beiber".. 
like sometimes wears them for weeks bad. 
Matspet00: home. 
ttuttle: same. 
you can take them off and clean them easily. 
Matspet00: fail .... 
That's why I never tried contacts.. 
ok cool. 
Dr_Savior: !!!. 
mrittman: you win 4. 
dax: but i wanna playyyy :(. 
coollew3: underground pool. 
cmr how is it done with $() ?. 
Dr_Savior: Oh its you.. 
we. 
I'm too stupid for contacts.. 
I know I would do the same.. 
ER. 
What, they can handle themselves while in the bush?. 
Ignore that, irssi. 
ThrobbingPython: if i owned glasses, that would be an option.. 
pagers exist for a reason. 
$(myfile.tsv | awk '{print "wget -O temp/" $1".jpg",$2}'). 
rofl. 
Matspet00: what is this?. 
Dr_Savior: e_e. 
23daley23: our town ;D. 
Matspet00: :O. 
Matspet00: is it. 
DiskDaemon: I swear to $deity you're just a walking innuendo cannon. 
 
"omg I hate justin beiber omgomgomgomg I hatehatehatehate him omgomgomgomg". 
Dr_Savior: ENDERMAN. 
Matspet00: havent been on. 
MyCraeft: who can gyve me.... 
Is anyone here good at Javascript?. 
 ivmoriginal: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
Matspet00: i got banned lol. 
 
Matspet00: then unbanned. 
Asharn00: Matspet?!. 
pagers?. 
less. 
hopefully there won't be any string escaping problems. 
The amount of Well. 
more. 
"myfile.tsv" does not sound like an executable. 
most. 
Matspet00: yeah. 
"omg i hate him. look at me. omg he is so girl. why aint you looking at me. 
 
Matspet00: rymate unbanned me. 
ahhh yes. 
Asharn00: u greifed,,,,. 
 
orbii, you don't have glasses?. 
I keep saying no more.... 
Asharn00: spawn. 
Asharn00: .... 
$(cat myfile.tsv | awk '{print "wget -O temp/" $1".jpg",$2}'). 
honden: waszxas. 
 
Matspet00: yeah. 
and i keep playing and sucking. 
None was intended there - i was hoping to find out what he though it was that they say about Canadian girls :). 
Matspet00: but. 
23daley23: err. 
religon needs to be treated as a disease. quaranteened and cured. 
nod. 
'yes' requires a pager.. 
Matspet00: i did get unbanned. 
~Rhyan: Ello. 
cwm is kinda slow on backups and restores but it works everytime and has never let me down. 
~Jeppo: Ello :3. 
I keep saying just one more. 
Dr_Savior: .... 
and playing anyway. 
Matspet00: cus i wasent going to grif. 
MyCraeft: can somebody gyve me feather?. 
i haven't gotten to the end of that, yet. 
23daley23: No fucking nicknames. 
whoami: maybe you should talk to #ubuntu-cn. 
coollew3: hello. 
 
 
 
 
23daley23: next one to have one. 
if he griefs again, ban the shit out of him. 
Dr_Savior: Each time i turn around and see you i shit myself.. 
23daley23: that is anoying. 
call me ol school. 
honden: hee. 
people hate him because he's richer than them for something really stupid, it's kind of frustrating. 
Matspet00: pheno kind of hacked my profile. 
~Rhyan: I have a nick..... 
honden: hedaley. 
chrooted_mother: nope, cant really afford 'em. 
Matspet00: lol. 
~Jeppo: DALEY :DDDDDDD. 
Hey i am trying to mount a filesystem.squashfs but once i have it mounted i cant copy stuff of it, it say permission denied how do i solve this?. 
~Rhyan: And I'm keeping my Nick :P. 
never quite used them before  usually just grep. 
23daley23: hello .... 
$300-400 isnt something i have laying around. 
orbii, aw, that sucks. 
~Jeppo: Hai :3. 
twrp hasnt let me down. 
~Jeppo: :D. 
Dr_Savior: Is dat chu rhy?. 
I hate everyone. 
soo. 
honden: hhey. 
300 for glasses? I paid 200. 
If I were going for innuendo, it would be more along the line of "They pride themselves on going bush" or something of that nature. 
I win 4?. 
23daley23: see you guys are back alive. 
~Rhyan: Who else is it?. 
hello!. 
honden: lol. 
Even with insurance, glasses can be pretty expensive.\. 
 
dazappa: http://ubuntuforums.org/archive/index.php/t-1668737.html   that should probably still be relevant. 
Dr_Savior: Is it the REAL rhy though >;3. 
reisio: In the instructions you sent it says to uninstall the fglrx  drivers. I do not have those installed correct, so I just install the driver necessary?. 
$300-400 is probably being conservative. 
Matspet00: ...... 
23daley23: don't pvp against defaults or steal. 
Mine were about $300.. 
23daley23: we had complaint's. 
honden: jeee. 
orbii buy glasses online from china. 
i have a pretty weird problem. 
~Rhyan: -_-. 
the pair i just got were $99. 
Dr_Savior: :o?. 
lol http://speckyfoureyes.com is the boy. 
if I worked every day to make ends meet for my family in a shitty office job and some 13 year old comes along and whines into a microphone becoming a millionare I would be pissed. 
Matspet00: rhyan. 
~Rhyan: There isnt another rhy.... 
cn anyone help. 
well. 
Afforess made this thread for the problem i have been having http://forums.spout.org/threads/fixing-gui-crashing.3620/. 
~Rhyan: Yeah?. 
Matspet00: killed me much :3. 
maybe a mental disorder . 
i need expensive glasses, cos of the high-prescription, which means i need special compressed lenses or they're too heavy/thick to wear.. 
Dr_Savior: No could be a poser :3. 
Today's google doodle is fun. Took me a second to figure out that the squares were optional "if"s though. 
honden: they killed me too RCS. 
anyone want to race me? last one. 
Hi me and some friends have been hosting our own server and playing on it together, but recently after a big TNT explosion some regions have become strange... There are blocks that dissapear when you interact with them and pockets of air that you can't move through and that change into a different kind of block when you place a block in them. They all revert back to this strange state after.... 
I promiss. 
...we've tried fixing (by doing the before mentioned). To start with it was only in the hole where the TNT exploded, but somehow when we began playing some days after the explosion it appeared in some of our "castles" as well.. 
Matspet00: hes nice :3. 
I'll stop. 
its about my vanilla server. 
bjrohan: sounds right. 
one more... i'll do it. 
james00000001 died. 
i hear it is nice BankZ. 
honden: 3 times. 
bjrohan: you will want to purge fglrx if you intend not to use it. It causes multiple conflicts. 
Dr_Savior: Lew, looks like were in wales. 
honden: RCS. 
I'm in a place where I sincerely don't have time to futz around with my phone as much as I used to. 
TIL Canadian Girls have a different system of hormones. 
reisio: if it was an actual question: I'd like a WM-independent configuration interface for non-WM-relating aspects (e.g., connectivity, power management), and I'd like system daemons to run independent of X sessions if they are not relating to X .. 
~Rhyan: Yes?. 
coollew3: i live in wales........... 
L3top: he intends to use it. 
L3top: thanks I'll look into that. 
Dr_Savior: XD!!!!. 
I'm confused. 
coollew3: i am welsh. 
honden: you killed me 3 tim es. 
L3top: the guide says to uninstall older versions before attempting to install a new version. 
~Rhyan: When?. 
orbii buy glasses online from china. 
kintelligence: I've seen poeple use MCEdit to help fix such problems before. 
when i run it on a new map. 
Matspet00: daley. 
honden: yesterday. 
Dr_Savior: TOO MANY SHEEP. 
it works just fine. 
23daley23: yeah. 
I've heard good things about twrp but its like... but what I have works. 
~Rhyan: Eh cool. 
Matspet00: kind of startet a new village thing. 
hey i'm trying to install the ATI proprietary driver via ubuntu's utility for that, and I get an error:  "Sorry, installation of this driver failed. Please have a look at the log file for details: /var/log/jockey.log".  where should I report this?. 
danawar2:  what was the full mount command you used. 
Matspet00: but i can just quit it. 
23daley23: lag spike sos. 
Matspet00: :D. 
more like ANUS, AMIRITE?. 
im looking for informatino on the order @EventHandler methods get called, pointers?. 
~James: yo admins, help me make the nether look good!. 
23daley23: no. 
kintelligence, is this a modded server?. 
lol. 
~James: Ok. 
23daley23: i can't go there. 
but hen i run it on my normal map it wont work. 
 
tno. 
nope. 
23daley23: then it lags. 
~Jeppo: :D. 
just sudo mount filesystem.squashfs /media/testdrive. 
thanks guys, now to figure out why every wget is downloading over the same filename. 
reminds me, time to buy new glasses. 
kodomo: DE-related power management things _are_ wm-independent. 
kodomo: they simply have deps that they have. 
just one more!. 
once I get my Nexus 7 perhaps I will try it. 
Dr_Savior: I need some sugar canes :l. 
23daley23: i get 2 fps. 
tildasoderlund00 was shot by Skeleton. 
Lowest then Highest.. 
23daley23: in the netherer. 
honden: does anybody have spidereyes. 
23daley23: nether. 
~Jeppo: me to. 
leviathan8: hello! I'm new here and  I would like to ask something. 
and the map files work fine when playing singleplayer. 
With Monitor the last.. 
~Jeppo: its lagg in nether. 
coollew3: lol. 
Dr_Savior: D:. 
23daley23: sure. 
kodomo: if you can detail a specific problem, though, maybe we can get somewhere. 
its a metavirus. 
y'know. 
one more fix, then I'll be good, I swear. 
of corrupted ideas. 
23daley23: what leviathan. 
sytone: ^. 
long hair is fuckin' great. 
 
leviathan8: is it possible to teleport other people to you?. 
~Rhyan: No. 
Dr_Savior: Yep. 
Trying to do event.getPlayer().setGameMode(GameMode.CREATIVE); and the message above is fring but this is never set and I am assuming another plugin is running last. 
Matspet00: daley. 
Dr_Savior: As a trusted it is. 
Matspet00: wanna se what i startet. 
compare it to an existing disease . 
do you guys drink evian. 
thanks falconindy for that and your work on systemd. 
23daley23: nope. 
I have  @EventHandler(priority = EventPriority.HIGH) already. 
Matspet00: ok ... 
phew. 
is it worth the extra few bucks. 
still cute: http://www.kurl.de/creeper. 
it hasn't crashed. 
please. 
Matspet00: then dont tp to me. 
http://www.h-online.com/open/news/item/Wireshark-1-8-0-can-capture-from-multiple-interfaces-at-once-1624081.html. 
i wonder if you guys have any ideas: i'm looking for a simple plugin that allows users to create their own friendly communities/groups and add/remove users from those groups themselves. i'd also like them to be able to assign their own titles within their group. i've had a look at simpleclans and factions but these seem very heavyweight considering the relatively simple mechanic i'm after. they. 
also focus on pvp, which i'm not interested in. any ideas on plugins that may do the job?. 
danawar2: mount is used to attach devices to directories. See also https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Mount. 
honden: daley can yo fill the food chest up]. 
So they are either using Highest or Monitor.. 
ThrobbingPython: yeah, no thanks... i stress enough even going into an optometrist to pick glasses - no way in hell i'd risk that.  Besides, there are all sorts of measurements that need to be taken before you can order glasses that way (if that method even supports that). I wouldnt trust hundreds of dollars on that. 
coollew3: so tempting!. 
Title: Wireshark 1.8.0 can capture from multiple interfaces at once - The H Open: News and Features (at www.h-online.com). 
Do I have tot  do a save on the player object to set it?. 
apparently i am that bored. 
ok so in highest it is in whatever order the plugins load?. 
i dont think i can help. 
Dr_Savior: xD. 
 
uh. 
coollew3: to tp to metspet. 
great.. i am playing the sims 3. 
Not that I know of.. 
Evian spelled backwards is Naive. 
workbean: What is evian?. 
Dr_Savior: What?. 
water bottle brand. 
reisio: ah - ok... this way: I'd like to run xmonad and be able to suspend my laptop with the suspend-key. 
never heard of it. 
What is a decent podcast manager/player?. 
clearly falconindy is an agent of poettering and should be removed from the distro (kidding, <3 falconindy). 
uhhhh. 
mineral water. 
from the french alps. 
ok. 
are there people still enjoying minecraft?. 
heh, i bet it's tap water.. 
ill leave that to the nerds. 
orbii u dont spend hundreds of dollars. 
because im just a dummy. 
I probbably should walk the bukkit code :). 
 
cvl4317: come watch this stream!. 
coollew3: matspet. 
Yes.. 
hi ! thanks for ubuntu 12.04 lts , i installed dropbox and it took to much time so i canceled the operation but the cancellation took more than 3 hours and still even though i restarted my laptop several times!!! btw , i had ubuntu reinstalled and before that dropbox was warking fine. 
coollew3: hi. 
I mean normal people. 
honden: eeh. 
Matspet00: hi. 
Yes, me. 
LINK. 
well there are loads of people here ready to help us :D so just provide them with the info they need. 
kian, whne you say "normal map" what do you mean?. 
All in highest = Load order. 
Thanks!. 
lol ok. 
workbean, get a water filter :). 
bind mount all the things. 
polio. 
u need to tell mount that ur regular user can write as well. 
http://www.twitch.tv/pyyyour. 
:P. 
reisio: I don't want to spare display surface for a broad taskbar I don't use. 
ThrobbingPython: yeah, right.  I have a very high-prescription, they'd need to be special compressed lenses, need all sorts of stuff on them - i woudlnt trust it.. 
srsly. 
closed it... did way too badly that time. 
reisio: I ran into an error:. 
polio is not a good comparison ;P. 
but it's not french ;-). 
\:D/. 
bind mount lennart into jail.. 
Error: Distro Version entered incorrectly or not supported, use --listpkg to identify valid distro versions. 
Hi, is there a function in buddypress which is similar to setup_postdata() in wordpress?. 
I posted that first!. 
read evian backwards. thats wut the company thinks of thier customers. 
lokthar: #minecraft has a couple of hundred people in it, so I assume so. 
Generating package: Ubuntu/precise. 
the nice thing about mount namespaces is that they've been around forever (at least 5+ years) and don't require any special support. 
honden: lol. 
ThrobbingPython: I do that. My prescription is normal and not strong, though.. 
the map that i played before it did strange. 
L3top: 01:00.0 VGA compatible controller  Advanced Micro Devices nee ATI Juniper  
Hello everybody. 
chrooted_mother: you have a problem, so you decide to ask irc.  now you have two problems.. 
oh really?. 
You stole my intellectual property. 
L3top: 01:00.0 VGA compatible controller  Advanced Micro Devices nee ATI Radeon Mobility X1400  
 916                         log_error("clone() failed, do you have namespace support enabled in your kernel? (You need UTS, IPC, PID and NET namespacing built in): %m");. 
ttuttle, I meant a problem with that game. I'm addicted to it.. 
 915                 if (errno == EINVAL). 
honden: jee. 
Dr_Savior: O_e. 
coollew3: lol sorry. 
if your stream is boring, i am going back to sims. 
wow. 
reisio: likewise, I'd like to run a trayer and applets to configure wifi/bluetooth/... in xmonad. 
oh, okay. 
what game?. 
 
coollew3: ermm what. 
minecraft?. 
Matspet00: but daley. 
bs i posted it last week or summink. 
Dr_Savior: Hmmm?. 
I think it's the fact that I love how typing on this keyboard feels. 
4402 hours of TF2. 
lutzee       i turned of the internet while the server was still on, maybe thats the problem. 
23daley23: yeah. 
Dr_Savior: :o. 
not that many. 
amagee: that was cool. 
Matspet00: i dident grif spawn pheno hacked my profile. 
coollew3: u r default. 
;P. 
~Rhyan: Yo?. 
after that it didnt work on the old map. 
several people on my friends list have more. 
Dr_Savior: Rhy??. 
(or their chosen class). 
~Rhyan: You're not ment to be Trusted. 
ttuttle: typeracer.. 
Dr_Savior: Why am i default?. 
ah. 
there's people with more than that as soldier. 
~Rhyan: You got banned. 
danawar2,  adding -o rw should do the trick. please read    'man mount' for complete option. 
SkippersBoss: Sorry that is not very helpful for me. 
hi ! thanks for ubuntu 12.04 lts , i installed dropbox and it took to much time so i canceled the operation but the cancellation took more than 3 hours and still even though i restarted my laptop several times!!! btw , i had ubuntu reinstalled and before that dropbox was warking fine. 
failtime, 150USD after shipping. 
the "prebuilt" folder doesn't seem to exist. 
I'd like to ask a question, I'm trying to use the latest NDK to compile a few projects, but I seem to be missing this: android-ndk/build/prebuilt/linux-x86/arm-eabi-4.4.0/bin/arm-eabi-gcc. 
that should be no problem amagee. Can you pastebin the entire session and the jockey.log?. 
i dont think it matters how strong ur prescription is. 
the switches, they're magical.. 
lol. 
chrooted_mother: How much did you have to pay for it?. 
bjrohan: I do not believe you will be able to use the fglrx driver. 
who needs namespaces anyway, we didn't need them back in the good old early days of C!. 
oh dear. 
L3top: what do you mean "the entire session"?. 
Dr_Savior: And i got it back... 
~Rhyan: And you're gonna need to re-earn it. 
all mounts are mounted read only. 
I don't get how that happens. 
it's like 130 and then after everything it costed me 152.xx. 
honden: wtf happened to the nether\. 
Matspet00: hi rhyan. 
to other users then sudo. 
and a quick locate query shows no traces of the arm-eabi-gcc file anywhere. 
wrong kind of namespaces >.>. 
hai all! I'm wondering what specs I need to consider if im trying to take my existing verizon phone and get it hooked up to a non-verizon plan. 
Matspet00: wanna build kind of a village thing?. 
they play a lot. 
in china u can order a pair of glasses ot the optometrist n pick em up in an hour. 
leviathan8 starved to death. 
SkippersBoss: I am not trying to write to it. 
i am starting to get into problems that I'm having to think how to type words. Too tired, which is why my speed dropped so low. 
23daley23: im doingthat now. 
chrooted_mother: I'd love a keyboard like that, but I can't bring myself to drop the money.. 
i'm still not understanding the problem kian. 
Matspet00: im bored. 
Dr_Savior: Smith i did Re - earn it, thats why i got given it... 
aptitude install typeracer?. 
basically i was grandfathered into the unlimited ... and since they're cutting it im cutting them. 
~Rhyan: Uh huh.... 
L3top: Any suggestions? Unity 3D was woking fine when I had 11.10 installed, upgraded to 12.04 and then no systray, no 3D rendering :-(. 
Dr_Savior: I built houses for others, and they started saying "Dr_Savior deserves Trusted!". 
I am sorry amagee, I install everything through terminal. What happens if you type sudo apt-get install fglrx. 
but I want to keep the phone. 
Matspet00: lol. 
Matspet00: are u. 
 
 
Dr_Savior: :O COOL!. 
has anybody had any luck successfully importing Squarespace into Wordpress, including the tags?  I've read some post about this and they say tags are included.. but if you read this post by Squarespace (recently updated) - they say tags are not included in their export.. doh.  (http://help.squarespace.com/customer/portal/articles/11794-how-do-i-export-my-journal-entries-or-site-data-)   anybody have any ideas?. 
~Rhyan: Uh huh..... 
SkippersBoss: Im trying to copy the contents to a folder. 
chrooted_mother: I think the most I ever spent on one was 40 USD, haha.. 
They broke support ATI side bjrohan. One moment.. 
cRaZyWeNcH, I try to read four words ahead and then I end up screwing up on spelling. 
reisio: these are my current problems - the wifi-without-X-issue was something that annoyed me when I installed hardy many years ago ;). 
thats me out then. 
L3top: is that equivalent to what the "Additional Drivers" app does?. 
sorry. 
failtime, before this keyboard I'd just grab ones in recycle bins. 
can any one help me plz. 
Dr_Savior: XD Look what i found.. 
Matspet00: i got from rymate to before. 
 
honden: daley can you fill up  the food chest. 
Dr_Savior: I think it wws rymate. 
johnnyonflame: it's in the NDK sources, not the NDK binaries. 
hi ! thanks for ubuntu 12.04 lts , i installed dropbox and it took to much time so i canceled the operation but the cancellation took more than 3 hours and still even though i restarted my laptop several times!!! btw , i had ubuntu reinstalled and before that dropbox was warking fine. 
one had blood on it. 
23daley23: gtg. 
honden: o. 
Hello, my HUD on my fresh 12.04 install isn't showing interesting options, like menu items (copy, paste, save, etc.)  Is there anything I need to do to populate the HUD?. 
 
http://venturebeat.com/2012/06/14/ethiopia-skype-illegal/. 
EpicBurak: ey daley. 
ThrobbingPython: i've been wearing glasses for ~30 years, i've had eye operations, my eyesight is considered in the 'legally blind' area, but can be corrected with lenses.  I would not risk it. Bad glasses can and will screw up eyesight worse.. 
LXC is still sort of worthless when it comes to networking performance. 
~Rhyan: Yes?. 
~Rhyan: Cya. 
chrooted_mother: Wow, that's dedication, haha.. 
EpicBurak: wacht. 
Matspet00: rhyan. 
Should be amagee.. 
so its not all nice and dandy. 
~Jeppo: ok :(. 
lxc is kinda worthless in general. 
I see this being US in 20 years. 
Matspet00: a village thing u join to build one?. 
Matspet00: tp to me then lets start. 
~Rhyan: ?. 
chrooted_mother: I used to only use ergonomic keyboards, which limited my options. Now I will use pretty much anything, but I'm too cheap.. 
Matspet00: lol. 
useruser3: Is the world also within the app bundle?. 
dammit why is this lagging. 
failtime, when your keyboard breaks and you need your internet fix you'll do anytrhign tog et it. 
~Rhyan: No?. 
ffs. 
EpicBurak: matspet. 
Matspet00: why :3. 
I think it'd be better to throw it in Application Support or something.. 
~Rhyan: I joined because I was bored. 
Dr_Savior: We need a bucket... 
EpicBurak: can i help?. 
Matspet00: hm. 
i was playing with two firends and the server did very laggy, so i turned the internet of while the server was still running. then the map didnt work anymore. my craftbukkit server did still work and my tekkit also but my vanilla server on the normal map didnt. 
Matspet00: mayby. 
…wow, what amazing timing. 9_9. 
Matspet00: tp epic to me plz. 
~Rhyan: Yes?. 
bird: rhyan. 
falconindy: i don't think you can actually _disable_ mount namespaces in the kernel. 
sell it. 
it seems to be showing global stuff like indicator options and printer setup. 
nope. 
EpicBurak: .... 
sam, I don't think I follow you. 
danawar2: http://tldp.org/HOWTO/SquashFS-HOWTO/mksqoverview.html. 
chrooted_mother: It seems I go through computers faster than keyboards, sadly.. 
chrooted_mother: Well, I have 3 different cheap keyboards laying around my apartment.. 
until they fix their issues. 
not like you can go to any decent carrier with that phone and have them hook it up anyway. 
miss_jwo: This is not the support channel for BuddyPress. The BuddyPress support channel is #buddypress-dev. 
bird: if u help an admin do u get trusted. 
hai rcs10. 
.buddypress > miss_jwo. 
ergonomic keyboards are malarky. I might understand devrok or whatever it's called but the only keyboard that has actually helped my arthritis is my current one. 
reisio: the suspend-to-ram functionality used to work (along with volume control hard keys when the gnome-power-manager daemon was started... but that one seems to have been eliminated in precise(?). 
Ello. 
i really want a jail replacement, where users of the jail can have root without me worrying much about them getting root on the entire box. 
johnnyonflame: http://tools.android.com/overview/ndk-git. 
Matspet00: no. 
oh shit. 
My rot is slow. 
EpicBurak: ryhan. 
*bot. 
~Rhyan: Lol what?. 
 me to mat. 
why the hell do I have arthritis in my hands and back and hips and knees already?. 
http://paste.ubuntu.com/1056054/. 
L3top: when I ask for packages I do get:. 
EpicBurak: matspet00. 
Matspet00: let him. 
I'm only turning 19.... 
i dont suppose anyone knows of a tool that would help determine if a PCI bus is saturated or not ?. 
?. 
 
coollew3: dr ask about the trsuted issue. 
chrooted_mother, you sound like me.... 
other than a $10k high speed logic analyzer. 
cRaZyWeNcH, what doth thou mean?. 
bird: rhyan if u help an admin with something to u get trusted?. 
~Rhyan: Rymate y u no on skype?. 
i really wish i knew about selinux to be fair. 
i have lower back pain. bad shoulders, bad knees. 
~Rhyan: Not really. 
bird: oh. 
idk. 
help. 
I started to have issues with my wrists in college and ergonomic keyboards helped me quite a bit.. 
~Rhyan: No. 
johnnyonflame: I don't see why you'd need arm-eabi-gcc for your own use though. 
Though I actually type a lot more now using standard keyboards and I don't seem to have problems... so who knows.. 
Hi, the minimize, maximize, close buttons as well as the Title is missing from firefox , and suggestions ? http://imagebin.org/217571. 
danawar2: or better maybe with mount /some/file.sqfs /mnt -o loop  http://archive.atomicmpc.com.au/forums.asp?s=2&c=16&t=4569. 
johnnyonflame: don't you want arm-linux-androideabi-gcc instead?. 
EpicBurak: ?????. 
Dr_Savior: OBSIDEON!! :D. 
EpicBurak: any one. 
cRaZyWeNcH, so we have anxiety, depression and bad bodies?. 
bjrohan: yes... that is no longer supported. That looks like you have a PPA you are trying to get it from. Newer drivers will not work.. 
hi ! thanks for ubuntu 12.04 lts , i installed dropbox and it took to much time so i canceled the operation but the cancellation took more than 3 hours and still even though i restarted my laptop several times!!! btw , i had ubuntu reinstalled and before that dropbox was warking fine. 
everyone else thinks they do. 
sacralson: tryed that : /. 
L3top: apt-get install fglrx seemed to actually work.. it's asking for a restart so i will try that, brb. 
i installed dropbox and it took to much time so i canceled the operation but the cancellation took more than 3 hours and still even though i restarted my laptop several times!!! btw , i had ubuntu reinstalled and before that dropbox was warking fine. 
:-). 
Morning (CDT) ##linux. What's the linux-y news of the day?. 
oh yeah, no red hair. 
i don't think so. 
the project I'm using is asking for it. 
it uses a pretty customized compilation steps. 
~Jeppo: yeah?. 
i still don't get what you mean by didn't work. 
EpicBurak: jeppo. 
actually, that direct execution isn't working... its executing but its mangling the attributes. 
are there any issues with fragments on the built-in emulator?. 
hehehe. 
I am not using unity, I am using cairo-dock session.. 
I think that project's wrong. 
I've taken the bot down for a minute. 
EpicBurak: can u tp me to mat. 
what is selinux?. 
EpicBurak: matspet00. 
Matspet00: Jeppo u admin?. 
phsi: mount? no. 
~Jeppo: ok. 
wallace was slain by Zombie Pigman. 
is the map corrupted or something?. 
danawar2: tried mount with loop?. 
Hi, the minimize, maximize, close buttons as well as the Title is missing from firefox , and suggestions ? http://imagebin.org/217571 . I am not using unity, I am using cairo-dock session.. 
~Jeppo: yeah im admin :). 
it didn't load?, you couldn't place/break blocks?. 
I'm trying to add a javascript and a css to the head. The css file is being succefully added, but not the js! What could it be? Here is the code: http://pastebin.com/iVG1Ee90. 
Yesterday blew, ended up buying a pack of smokes this morning.... 
johnnyonflame: or maybe outdated. 
any ideas why gparted reads my USB drive as -144115188075855360.00 B? I have tried writing a new partition table in fdisk but that made no difference.. 
adren: it makes your head explode. 
orly?. 
rmc3, linus has just bought majority share of nvidia ... promised to open source all linux driver code. 
trying with -t now. 
which keyboard?. 
yes. 
adren, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security-Enhanced_Linux. 
Title: Security-Enhanced Linux - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia (at en.wikipedia.org). 
L3top: what do you mean a ppa trying to get it from? the drivers? I downloaded the file from the ATI/AMD site. 
unless you are on a RH based system, where its sort of usable..even nice. 
it sayd prebaring world 0 and then did nothing. 
EpicBurak: mat wait. 
 
EpicBurak: ok. 
Dr_Savior: I'm trying to make a nether portal Dx. 
can you play in it?. 
no. 
EpicBurak: what do i need to build?. 
preparing. 
no ... but it'd make great linuxy news wouldn't it ?. 
sam, you're probably right, thanks for the help.. 
orbii, say anything you like about it, it's a crappy conutry. 
L3top: What do you recommend I try to do?. 
try copying the world to SP and see if you can play it there. 
jryan: thanks. 
lol. 
I'll check the git now. 
johnnyonflame: it looks like it relies on the user having built the NDK themselves. 
s/conutry/country. 
coollew3: i need to build one too. 
Matspet00: just building like spawn of the town i think. 
I have the cheap version of the Microsoft ergo. 
nah, lots of patriots in here, they get angry.. 
cat myfile.tsv | awk '{print "wget -O temp/"$1".jpg","\""$2"\""}' > run.sh && sh run.sh   works fine, but $(cat myfile.tsv | awk '{print "wget -O temp/"$1".jpg","\""$2"\""}') doesnt. 
TWRP fucks up onthe Crescent. 
I've heard Australia is a really difficult country to move to, sadly. Don't know if there's any truth to it.. 
I discussed the reasons why 9/11 happened in #defocus once. More than one person flipped their shit.. 
it indeed would.. 
orbii, American patriots? They're ironically the least American thing in this place. 
oh god. 
danawar2: maybe you didn't look at the link?. 
Dr_Savior: Whii?. 
coollew3: u /home. 
cRaZyWeNcH, redheads are crazy so you'd be moar crazy. 
 
Dr_Savior: We need a nether protal Dx. 
the server says this:Starting minecraft server version 1.2.5. 
I know I'm a GNU heretic for saying it.... 
dax: wait, are you serious?. 
ttuttle: yes. 
but I'd rather just use ruby :). 
mi3: right click on the extreme top, and select undecorate. 
dax: what the hell were you thinking?. 
I recommend you use the correct driver... and purge all pieces of the prorpietary one which will not work on your HW bjrohan. One moment.. 
chrooted_mother: I couldn't agree more.. 
Should I build it myself then?. 
coollew3: i need one aswell. 
i can play it on singleplayer. 
ttuttle: meh, I didn't start the topic. 
or perl. 
or python. 
MyCraeft: i want a new spawn. 
i think. 
you have bad taste ... eat at mcdonalds often ?. 
Dr_Savior: You're in creative... 
kang fucks up on the crescent last time I checked. 
but the server just wont work sith it. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[19:24:03] cool. 
[19:23:56] so yeah, if you op urself you should have like all of them. 
[19:24:31] It reverts to default again. 
[19:24:40] then stop it. 
[19:24:24] whenever I add a permission to another group. 
[19:24:37] when i start server. 
[19:25:24] I have essentials mind you. 
[19:25:37] hmm, well you need to make sure that it is in the right format. 
[19:24:55] file or command?. 
[19:25:11] more like copy paste premade one in file. 
[19:24:52] how are you going about editing the permssions?. 
[19:26:01] if it isn't that could cause your configs to regen, but more likely cause a parsing error. 
[19:26:51] can you make a pastebin of exactly what you are pasting into the files? or even better, what the group file looks like afterword?. 
[19:25:52] it is. 
[19:26:53] hmm. 
[19:27:20] www.pastebin.com. 
[19:27:04] ok. 
[19:27:10] wait whats a pastebin. 
[19:27:15] I am noob at computers. 
[19:27:27] oh ok. 
[19:27:28] http://pastebin.com/ERWF2WbF. 
[19:28:10] your right it was wrong format. 
[19:28:21] yeah it is. 
[19:27:31] there. 
[19:27:35] thats what i copied. 
[19:28:42] I needed to delete one space and add a space between -essentials.blah. 
[19:28:47] I fix. 
[19:28:49] thankyou. 
[19:28:58] now what was your problem. 
[19:32:29] lol. 
[19:29:53] i am trying to figure out the custom nodes and how they are supposed to be formatted. 
[19:31:05] oh ok. 
[19:31:53] omg I found your post on bukkitdev. 
[19:31:55] lol. 
[19:35:41] oh his name is actually rioulu. 
[19:35:49] sorry. 
[19:33:00] whats that pokemons name. 
[19:35:41] Riolu. 
[19:35:47] riolu*. 
[19:55:37] any ppl that know a lot about the plugin herE?. 
[19:55:52] xD *here?. 
[19:35:51] ya. 
[19:37:34] well I am off sorry I couldnt help your problem but thanks for helping mine. 
[19:38:13] np. 
[19:56:04] Well , What plugin?. 
[19:56:11] bperms. 
[21:47:29] how do i configure custom nodes in custom_nodes.yml? I haven't been able to find a sample.... 
Playback Complete.. 
[04:46:40] CraftBukkit: 03feildmaster 07master * rd08909c 10/ src/main/java/net/minecraft/server/EntitySilverfish.java : Added EntitySilverfish for diff visibility - http://git.io/7lFVAA. 
[04:46:41] CraftBukkit: 03feildmaster 07master * rcda17db 10/ (2 files in 2 dirs): Trigger EntityBlockChangeEvent for Silverfish. Adds BUKKIT-1560 and BUKKIT-1593 - http://git.io/1nuoAQ. 
[08:00:00] anyone here?. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[07:48:15] Lowest then Highest.. 
[07:48:19] With Monitor the last.. 
[07:48:34] sytone: ^. 
[07:48:51] Trying to do event.getPlayer().setGameMode(GameMode.CREATIVE); and the message above is fring but this is never set and I am assuming another plugin is running last. 
[07:49:00] I have  @EventHandler(priority = EventPriority.HIGH) already. 
[07:49:19] So they are either using Highest or Monitor.. 
[07:49:22] Do I have tot  do a save on the player object to set it?. 
[07:49:35] Not that I know of.. 
[07:49:37] ok so in highest it is in whatever order the plugins load?. 
[07:49:59] I probbably should walk the bukkit code :). 
[07:50:02] Yes.. 
[07:50:08] Thanks!. 
[07:53:32] useruser3: Is the world also within the app bundle?. 
[07:50:11] All in highest = Load order. 
[07:53:52] I think it'd be better to throw it in Application Support or something.. 
[07:54:22] …wow, what amazing timing. 9_9. 
[08:00:50] hey someone is experienced with vectors? because I didnt learn it so far in school or somewhere else, So what I want  to do is when a arrow is fired at each side of it should an other arrow be fired. 
[08:00:57] like arrow spreading. 
[08:01:11] so I know only basics like vector addition. 
[08:01:30] never made something with this and I think its more physiks xD. 
[08:01:59] Um, doesn't the vector class do all the math for you? :P. 
[08:02:11] yeah but I have to know how to do this xDD. 
[08:02:13] the basics. 
scripts like I said. 
[08:02:16] how I can imagine this. 
[08:02:22] so yeah should be no big deal. 
[08:02:23] Ask the great googley google?. 
 swappa.com. 
[08:02:42] hmm would be super duper nice awesome if somebody can explain it me here xDD. 
[08:02:56] "So what I want  to do is when a arrow is fired at each side of it should an other arrow be fired" --> I have no idea what "it" refers to.. 
[08:02:54] so not that Im lazy but asking is free xDD. 
[08:03:34] so you fire a arrow and at each side like left, right, up and down. 
[08:04:00] so you shoot 4 arrows at the same time. 
[08:03:52] like arrow spreading. 
[08:04:07] but in a bit other directions. 
[08:04:37] So, "it" is the player who's shooting?. 
[08:04:56] yeah we can use the player.getLocation().getDirection() or how its named. 
[08:05:10] or we get the vector of the "main" arrow. 
[08:05:23] Okay, so for the backwards arrow you simply negate that.. 
[08:05:31] backwards?. 
own?. 
[08:05:50] You fire one arrow forwards, right?. 
[08:05:57] all forward. 
[08:05:54] That's the main arrow.. 
[08:06:10] Oh, you didn't make that clear. :P. 
[08:06:04] only right, left, up, down. 
[08:06:22] k now it is xDD :P. 
[08:06:35] So… you want to take the main vector and.... 
[08:06:37] mom let me show you what I already have, but not really tested. 
Playback Complete.. 
[08:06:45] Displace it a little to the left and right?. 
[08:06:51] I'm still not sure I get it.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[09:17:32] lol now its just a classnotfound error. 
[09:19:12] but i send to you the crazy classnotfound and the normal (shorter). 
[09:22:44] http://pastebin.com/UecSgah0. 
[09:30:49] i can look at it. but i dont know much about old canary plugin system. i tis a bit familiar tho. 
[09:31:16] most of the times when i get ane xception in URLClassLoader it means the jar was updated but not closed before updating.. 
[09:35:56] Babble, the class just isn't there.. 
[09:37:00] (inb4 "Java"). 
[09:37:27] in byte 4. 
[09:53:41] or l4mRh4x0r. 
[09:53:16] Jos- why is the first error longer than the second. 
[09:54:00] Because you did the first reload from the GUI. 
[09:54:14] and second from in-game. 
[09:58:07] lol but why 2 other errors?. 
[10:00:14] ???. 
[10:00:15] and it says class does not exist and when you do reloadplugin blabla just plugin doesn't exist. 
[16:18:44] Hello. 
[17:33:25] .tell Babble Ever thought about the possibility that the class doesn't exist?. 
[17:33:26] l4mRh4X0r: I'll pass that along.. 
[17:49:49] Anyone here familiar with namecheap?. 
[18:07:24] Puff, yes. 
[18:08:12] Yeah I was wondering how to go about the whole mc.URL.com redirecting to a server, figured it out though :p. 
[18:13:39] Shadow386 you still there?. 
[18:08:45] kk. 
[18:13:53] Derp?. 
[18:08:48] Actually no I do have a question, can I make it redirect to an ip with a port?. 
[18:14:38] my head has been hurting all day, so sorry cant help much. 
[18:14:04] erm. 
[18:14:24] Yes and no, I think. You'd have to set up correct redirects via the server. 
[18:14:56] it's fine, i don't rlly get this anyway it's a try/fail try again process.. 
[18:15:21] my expertise most certainly do not lie in web servers or any kind of hosting for that matter. 
[02:51:50] ;3. 
n for once!. 
[02:52:07] Le derp.. 
[02:52:21] Not sure if it successfully identified me or not.. 
[05:49:22] is there any Working livemap for CanaryMod at the moment?. 
[05:49:36] lol. 
[06:01:24] not afaik. 
[06:01:56] does the livemap plugin not work?. 
[06:02:34] i think its derping with multiworld and stuff, and i never got it to work :P not even on localhost. 
[06:02:44] which one btw?   LiveMap, dynmap or ?. 
[06:03:06] I use dynmap on bukkit. 
[06:03:02] idk. 
[06:28:34] no. 
could try to port it :3. 
[06:28:46] lol?. 
[06:30:52] https://github.com/webbukkit. 
[06:32:06] screw it, too much work.... 
[06:34:48] maybe i will some time, for Creeper. 
[06:36:35] maybe not. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[00:39:12] oh wait. 
[00:38:32] "Identfile error? Wait. You're queued.". 
[00:39:05] Queued for what?. 
[00:39:14] probably us. 
[00:39:47] Yep, us. 
[00:39:28] RyanKnack: Current .oidentd.conf content: global { reply "Leonid" }. 
[01:35:13] or is that freebnc tunneling ipv6 o.O. 
[00:41:19] Is it server wide?. 
[00:41:42] ?oidentd. 
[00:41:54] RyanKnack: Current .oidentd.conf content: empty. 
[01:35:02] sooo many people using ipv6. 
[02:47:03] herp.... 
[02:42:01] If there's any Frenchie people I'd need some informations since I'm going there in a week :D. 
[02:45:17] ChauffeR so freebnc now has ipv6?. 
[02:47:14] Kamal: it's always had it. 
[02:47:18] lol. 
[02:47:30] but not on all servers. 
[02:48:40] Zimsky but tunneled right?. 
[02:50:08] wrong channel. 
com/kNunyVFE. 
[02:59:34] tunneled?. 
MEAT!! THE HORRIBLE MEAT^%percent!$%percent!!!^*%percent*@$. 
[02:59:51] IIRC only one server is tunneled. 
[03:01:17] and listen to dis http://youtubedoubler.com/?video1=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3Dg34B-YOaC7c&start1=0&video2=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DA67GQgoiinM&start2=3&authorName=OMAIGASHHHHHHH. 
[03:01:13] i don't know, probably ie. 
[03:01:18] :3. 
[04:28:30] define not working. 
[04:27:38] hey, my bnc isnt working (ie.freebnc.net). 
nect to [irc.esper.net 6667] .... 
[04:29:56]  /msg *status setbindhost 0.0.0.0. 
[04:29:10] <*status> Cannot connect to IRC (Cannot assign requested address (Is your IRC server's host name and ZNC bind host valid?)). Retrying.... 
[04:29:35] and keeps saying that. 
[04:30:45] ty. 
[04:41:45] oh, it's _303.. 
[04:41:46] "yay". 
[05:00:11] I think it's[06:06:31] the "correct" way is clearbindhost. 
 
[06:07:48] GUIpsp I saw that in the topic of znc's official channel. 
[06:08:27] mkay. 
[06:14:38] highly cruel. 
[06:08:34] i'm just messing with you. 
[06:09:35] >:. 
[06:26:24] GUIpsp pwnt by Kamal. 
[06:27:31] lol. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[07:42:50] back. 
[07:43:02] *click*. 
[07:43:07] He aint smiling no more. 
[07:43:11] Justin Beiber is a disgrace to Canada.. 
[07:43:27] He left Canada. 
[07:43:19] He came from Canada?. 
[07:43:31] and came back. 
[07:43:34] and left. 
[07:43:36] and came back. 
[07:43:39] and left. 
[07:43:37] he was chased out of canada. 
[07:43:42] with pitchforks and flaming torches. 
[07:44:10] tbh, I really don't care about justin beiber, or the attention whores who "hate justin beiber".. 
[07:44:24] What, they can handle themselves while in the bush?. 
[07:44:33] rofl. 
[07:44:49] DiskDaemon: I swear to $deity you're just a walking innuendo cannon. 
[07:45:07] "omg i hate him. look at me. omg he is so girl. why aint you looking at me. 
[07:44:50] "omg I hate justin beiber omgomgomgomg I hatehatehatehate him omgomgomgomg". 
[07:45:25] None was intended there - i was hoping to find out what he though it was that they say about Canadian girls :). 
[07:45:56] people hate him because he's richer than them for something really stupid, it's kind of frustrating. 
[07:46:15] soo. 
[07:46:15] I hate everyone. 
[07:46:19] If I were going for innuendo, it would be more along the line of "They pride themselves on going bush" or something of that nature. 
[07:46:38] if I worked every day to make ends meet for my family in a shitty office job and some 13 year old comes along and whines into a microphone becoming a millionare I would be pissed. 
[07:47:14] TIL Canadian Girls have a different system of hormones. 
[07:48:29] y'know. 
[07:48:33] long hair is fuckin' great. 
[07:49:06] still cute: http://www.kurl.de/creeper. 
[07:49:32] great.. i am playing the sims 3. 
[07:49:36] apparently i am that bored. 
[07:49:45] cvl4317: come watch this stream!. 
[07:50:22] LINK. 
[07:50:27] http://www.twitch.tv/pyyyour. 
[07:50:28] \:D/. 
[07:51:11] not that many. 
[07:50:43] if your stream is boring, i am going back to sims. 
[07:51:04] 4402 hours of TF2. 
[07:51:20] several people on my friends list have more. 
[07:51:26] there's people with more than that as soldier. 
[07:51:32] (or their chosen class). 
[07:51:28] lol. 
lay a lot. 
[07:53:12] http://venturebeat.com/2012/06/14/ethiopia-skype-illegal/. 
[07:53:17] I see this being US in 20 years. 
[07:53:40] ffs. 
[07:53:36] dammit why is this lagging. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[07:50:26] well there are loads of people here ready to help us :D so just provide them with the info they need. 
[07:51:05] lutzee       i turned of the internet while the server was still on, maybe thats the problem. 
[07:50:30] the map that i played before it did strange. 
[07:51:24] after that it didnt work on the old map. 
an. 
[07:55:28] help. 
[07:53:54] i was playing with two firends and the server did very laggy, so i turned the internet of while the server was still running. then the map didnt work anymore. my craftbukkit server did still work and my tekkit also but my vanilla server on the normal map didnt. 
[07:56:19] i still don't get what you mean by didn't work. 
[07:56:34] is the map corrupted or something?. 
[07:56:37] it didn't load?, you couldn't place/break blocks?. 
[07:56:45] it sayd prebaring world 0 and then did nothing. 
[07:56:54] preparing. 
[07:57:01] no. 
ou play in it?. 
[07:57:19] try copying the world to SP and see if you can play it there. 
[07:58:26] i can play it on singleplayer. 
[07:58:17] the server says this:[INFO] Starting minecraft server version 1.2.5. 
[07:58:39] but the server just wont work sith it. 
[07:58:44] with it. 
[07:59:30] but i turned the internet of while the server was still running'. 
[07:59:05] that's weird. 
[07:59:10] i know. 
[07:59:40] that shouldn't cause trouble. 
[07:59:46] and 2 other players where on the server. 
[08:01:14] was there a lot of stuff on the server?. 
[08:01:18] cuz there are like 23 people waiting for me. 
[08:01:21] no. 
[08:01:42] floating islands. 
[08:01:28] 10 building. 
[08:01:33] castles. 
[08:01:50] hot airballoons. 
[08:02:05] so i would rather nog lose my world. 
[08:02:14] not. 
[08:02:35] turning off internet while server running shouldnt damage world. 
[08:03:07] i redownloaded minecraft_server.exe. 
[08:02:53] yeah, but here it did for the server. 
[08:03:15] but it didnt help. 
[08:03:40] are you seeing any errors in the server console?. 
[08:04:20] but i see prepairing world 0 and stuff and then it just doesnt load the world. 
[08:05:07] only that world doesnt. 
[08:04:31] you tried another world?. 
[08:04:36] yes. 
[08:04:54] a new world works just fine. 
[08:05:36] but maybe its because i turned off the internet while being on the server. 
[08:06:39] it looks like. 
[08:06:52] it looks like what?. 
[08:06:48] but that really  shouldn't cause trouble. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[08:01:51] 14Online (11/30): EpicBurak MSTXXEXTREME Matspet00 MyCraeft bird coollew3 crazyclara honden tildasoderlund00 wallace ~Rhyan. 
[08:01:54] 8[Trusted] MSTXXEXTREME: oh hi coollew. 
[08:01:56] Rhyan??. 
[08:01:56] 8[Trusted] MSTXXEXTREME: buddys. 
[08:01:59] 8[Trusted] MSTXXEXTREME: :D. 
[08:02:03] 6[Donator] coollew3: yeah :D. 
[08:02:15] 8[Trusted] MSTXXEXTREME: i remember i will never forget :d. 
[08:02:18] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Back. 
[08:02:20] 8[Trusted] MSTXXEXTREME: ;d. 
[08:02:24] 15[Default] honden: eeh. 
[08:02:34] Did u demoted other guy that daley promoted?. 
[08:02:42] MyCraeft was slain by Zombie Pigman. 
[08:02:52] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: CAlled?. 
[08:02:59] That guy comed few days ago name is lucasino98 i think. 
[08:03:07] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: No?. 
[08:03:19] 14[IDontKnow connected]. 
[08:03:14] Well demote him..... 
[08:03:10] MyCraeft was slain by Zombie Pigman. 
[08:03:27] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Ellow. 
[08:03:32] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Why?. 
[08:03:36] 14[honden disconnected]. 
[08:03:39] He s here for few days and daley promoted him cause of he s hims friend*. 
[08:03:39] MyCraeft was slain by Zombie Pigman. 
[08:03:43] 8[Trusted] MSTXXEXTREME: coolew im premium now. 
[08:03:47] ok guys gtg. 
[08:03:49] 6[Donator] coollew3: awesome. 
[08:03:50] bye . 
ault] EpicBurak: can someone make it day. 
[08:04:27] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: No. 
[08:04:30] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Its survival. 
[08:04:32] 15[Default] EpicBurak: im sad :(. 
[08:04:35] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: WE no change time :P. 
[08:04:48] Did u demoted ?. 
[08:04:49] MyCraeft was slain by Zombie Pigman. 
[08:05:29] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Yes. 
[08:05:34] wallace was slain by MSTXXEXTREME. 
[08:05:35] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Brb editing website settings. 
[08:05:43] MyCraeft was slain by Zombie Pigman. 
[08:05:49] 14[erico connected]. 
[08:05:59] 15[Default] EpicBurak: OMG SO MUCH WOOD. 
[08:06:08] erico was slain by MSTXXEXTREME. 
[08:06:17] 15[Default] MyCraeft: hi. 
[08:06:22] 15[Default] EpicBurak: hi. 
[08:06:24] 15[Default] EpicBurak: i dont know. 
[08:06:28] 15[Default] MyCraeft: shut up. 

 
[08:06:31] 15[Default] EpicBurak: wanna build a house too?. 
[08:06:37] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: I already got a house. 
[08:06:51] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Rhyan. 
Playback Complete.. 
ported files from it over to my pc. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[07:09:54] You do yes . 
[07:09:14] so i have to set up 2 signs for every item  one for buy and one for sell?. 
[07:10:07] omfg  that is a LOT if signs. 
[07:11:20] hmwha. 
[07:11:14] Chris ?. 
[07:11:44] Any idea ?. 
t, was just explaning how to pastebing. 
[07:12:03] loltypos. 
[07:12:18] Ahh okay . 
[07:14:37] hey guys im new to this plugins, i have a question how do u make it so essentials commands works on non-ops?. 
[07:15:03] .gm. 
[07:14:37] 04[12Automsg04] DG_element: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
[07:15:03] .gm: 12http://wiki.ess3.net/wiki/Group_Manager. 
 money for commands ? like /home and such. 
[07:15:30] 04[12Automsg04] iSeven77: If you hav[07:16:14] .p3. 
use permissions instead of gm?. 
d wait for a reply.. 
[07:16:16] whats wrong with GM ?. 
[07:16:16] :(. 
[07:16:24] GM is great:). 
ll work. 
[07:16:49] nothing wrong with gm, i just have permission already and not gm. 
[07:17:08] Permissions 2/3 is dead. 
[07:17:18] do NOT under ANY circumstances use Permissions 2/3. 
[07:17:39] so anyone have an idea on how to charge for commands ? like /home i know there is a section in config.yml and has example but is the sintaxis home: $100 ? o wha ?. 
[07:20:21] wait so i should get rid of permissions and replace it with gm correct?. 
[07:24:33] thanks for help :). 
[07:36:54] 04[12Automsg04] If you are having problems with Essentials it's a good idea to check your server log for errors, if you can't understand it, pastebin the startup log and errors so we can see.. 
[07:36:53] DG_element, yes. Permissions 2/3 is DEAD. It WILL NOT WORK. 
[07:37:02] shush Lain . 
[07:44:55] Is anyone here good at Javascript?. 
[07:59:59] Ok so now my groupmanager commands are giving me internal errors.. 
[07:44:55] 04[12Automsg04] ivmoriginal: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
[08:00:00] 04[12Automsg04] If you have internal errors, please check your server log, if you can't understand it, pastebin the error so we can see.. 
[08:00:51] Veinlockx: that usually means you have a config error. 
[08:01:03] startup log will tell us where. 
[08:01:07] .newlog. 
[08:01:07] .newlog: 3Stop your server, move your server.log out of the craftbukkit directory. Start your server, let it load completely, then stop it. A new server.log will be created, please upload it to 12http://pastie.org 03or 12http://pastebin.com 3and post the link in the channel.. 
[08:01:54] http://pastie.org/4138158. 
[08:01:59] Server log. 
[08:02:57] are my nodes supposed to be -node or - node?. 
[08:03:09] - node. 
[08:03:19] Ah.  that may be the problem. 
[08:05:00] Yea, after you told me where to look. 
[08:04:05] next time you have a problem, you can check server.log, it will always tell you problem. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[08:29:51] so I made another with a 1. 
[08:29:53] liol. 
[08:29:54] its a sub. 
[08:29:55] ok. 
00000001, you do realise if someone joins, they won't find out. 
[08:30:33] I know. 
[08:30:44] I just do not want anyone to talk as me in the server chat. 
[08:30:50] as in they nab that username. 
[08:30:55] EsperBot isn't gonna use it. 
[08:30:56] The thing is bein slow. 
[08:31:04] what username do you want. 
[08:31:07] erm. 
[08:31:10] rymate12345?. 
[08:31:11] :P. 
[08:31:31] (you'll need to set user permissions, remember that. 
[08:33:00] each page takes 10 seconds to load tha basic parts. 
[08:33:35] :(. 
[08:33:43] The CP is a bit slow. 
[08:35:30] username:. 
[08:35:31] rymate. 
[08:37:33] password...?. 
[08:37:43] I PM'd it to you. 
[08:43:24] oh james00000001 . 
[08:43:33] are you aware that the server is out of date? :P. 
[08:43:50] apparently your craftbukkit needs updating. 
[08:46:01] I am on RB3. 
[08:46:06] The latest. 
[08:49:52] O_o. 
[16:51:01] Why is MPServ being such an annoying thing right now?. 
[16:51:42] & not . 
alf a min for the console to say "pong" after i tped "ping" into it. 
[16:51:53] * & now the page crahed on me. 
[14:02:36] .players. 
[14:03:36] my bad. 
, when you get this you should know that your IRC has been disconnected from ur server. 
[14:03:44] I thaught this was the #rymate channel. 
[14:03:47] Its te zx7 channel. 
[14:06:00] lol. 
[14:07:40] !flags james00000001 . 
[14:07:45] !flags EsperBot . 
[14:47:22] !flags +q $~a. 
[14:55:14] SPLIT. 
[09:14:02] hiiiii. 
[10:44:10] lol. 
[08:59:11] hai james00000001 . 
[08:59:15] look at mah site http://rymate.co.uk/. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[21:22:47] is that whats preventing it?. 
[21:22:50] Yes. 
[21:22:59] how i close out of it. 
[21:23:04] http://www.spout.org/threads/using-avg-and-cant-start-or-play-spoutcraft.989/. 
[21:23:36] Hmm... Can you use the jar version instead of the exe version on Windows too?. 
[21:24:35] ok i disable it. 
[21:25:05] MWisBest: He tried but it didin't work also. 
[21:26:06] Well um... does an antivirus block a .jar from executing?. 
[21:31:32] Considering the file you download from get.spout.org has no feedback, yes MWisBest :P. 
[21:31:46] It downloads the latest launcher, but if the antivirus blocks the download, nothing to see, no launcher to start. 
[22:16:10] Asphodan, ping. 
[22:18:27] anyone else having problems with PaintedStone?. 
[22:28:40] AgentK, :D. 
[22:31:52] hi. 
[22:23:46] Morning, all.. 
[22:43:01] Typical_Name did u test manabags and backpack on the same server?. 
[22:46:58] no I haven't tried backpacks yet. 
[22:47:02] I wanted to know if they were compatible. 
[22:47:32] I wouldnt see why not.. 
[22:49:13] well they perform the same kind of role, I didn't know if having multiple inventory-enhancing plugins would cause problems. 
[01:05:35] hello. 
[01:05:44] heya. 
[01:42:30] "Backing up 2,416,695 items". 
[01:42:44] "38KB of 427.3GB - About 176,900 days". 
[01:50:46] El fook?. 
[02:00:34] So...... 
[02:01:21] short question .... whats the names of numpad hotkeys ?. 
[02:34:54] hi. 
[05:43:26] does anyone understand the FontRenderer code in spoutcraft at all? It mentions something about an "inverse" and the cause being unknown in very broken english, and I'm suspicious of the +0.01F being necessary at all. 
[06:07:47] Maybe someone can help me with spoutcraft launcher modifying ?. 
[07:01:29] Hey. 
[07:25:10] Anyone else get extreme lag and/or crash on typing /plugins on a server with lots of plugins? I got that issue after patching a lot of spout code into my client but found a fix for it, wondering if it affects spout itself. 
[07:33:47] I get this error when using townychat with craftbukkit++, it's fine with normal craftbukkit http://pastebin.com/hrNFN9HN. 
[07:33:52] Anyone any idea?. 
[07:34:20] Disable Towny's version check cuddylier. 
[07:34:29] Is that in the config?. 
[07:34:35] In the Towny config yes. 
[07:34:41] Okay, thanks. 
[07:34:45] And that's the only issue?. 
[07:34:49] Yes. 
[07:35:30] Good. 
[07:37:56] Wulfspider http://pastebin.com/GDyVknfH this?. 
[07:38:07] yes. 
[07:38:29] Just to :true right?. 
[07:41:29] Glad you found some help cuddylier. 
[07:41:41] :D. 
[07:41:52] thanks. 
[07:46:43] Afforess made this thread for the problem i have been having http://forums.spout.org/threads/fixing-gui-crashing.3620/. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[09:53:35] hai. 
[09:54:09] Nice ip. 
[09:55:38] chrizc, needs an MOTD. 
[09:53:48] hai nub. 
[10:13:11] rymate1234 didn't before now, no point lol. 
[10:15:02] 'lo Shadow386. 
[10:15:05] chrizc, I need you. 
[10:15:11] <3. 
. 
[10:16:04] pushed a commit last night. 
[10:16:01] so yeah, Shadow386. 
[10:16:20] okedoke. 
[10:16:15] congrats, kinda busy. 
[10:16:15] finally at a stage in my work where I feel comfortable enough to dedicate time to DEV. 
[10:16:15] :3. 
[10:24:19] lol. 
[12:17:20] chrizc, what does Shadow do again?. 
[12:17:40] he's a head honcho at adanac. 
[12:17:48] oh lol. 
[12:18:05] maybe he could make the multiplayer server for DEV!. 
kob. 
[12:18:14] no.. 
[13:18:29] http://puu.sh/AhVN. 
[12:18:16] that's my job.. 
[12:18:27] ok. 
[12:18:25] lol. 
[13:18:44] :O. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[04:46:39] [CraftBukkit/master] Added EntitySilverfish for diff visibility - feildmaster. 
[04:46:39] [CraftBukkit/master] Trigger EntityBlockChangeEvent for Silverfish. Adds BUKKIT-1560 and BUKKIT-1593 - feildmaster. 
[04:46:43] BUKKIT-1560: http://goo.gl/Igq1V - "Silverfish call EntityChangeBlockEvent" - Open, last updated about 1 month ago (with 3 votes and 2 watchers). 
[04:46:43] BUKKIT-1593: http://goo.gl/kQMWG - "Silverfish enter block event" - Open, last updated about 1 month ago (with 2 comments and 2 watchers). 
[04:46:48] lol. 
[04:49:12] BUKKIT-1593 ("Silverfish enter block event") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/kQMWG. 
[04:49:15] BUKKIT-1560 ("Silverfish call EntityChangeBlockEvent") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/Igq1V. 
[06:20:34] Does anyone see anything in my logs http://pastebin.com/3FM3NMrd that could cause the ticks per second to go down? It keeps going from 20tps to 10 then to 15 and all over the place.. 
[04:53:40] I wonder what the pricing on buycraft is.. 
[06:21:06] And when the tps is lower the can't keep up messages are more frequent. 
[06:45:47] hallo. 
[06:46:09] kann mir hier vllt einer weiter helfen. 
[06:46:12] ?. 
[06:46:40] bloß ich finde nix. 
[06:46:33] ich will die op gruppe die es ja schon von anfang an gibt bearbeiten. 
[06:46:45] wo man das könnte. 
[06:46:52] ICH NOT BIN GERMAN, NEIN. 
[06:46:59] ICH LIKE EATING SAUERBRATEN. 
[06:48:05] nobody from german here?. 
[06:48:44] NEIN. 
[06:48:52] afaik. 
[06:48:59] ok , thanks :D. 
[06:56:17] sauerbrate[07:03:52] Time to hu[07:04:51] lol. 
lancer work.. 
[07:05:24] Well, when I used to play it. 
[07:05:41] q3amods don't appeal to me that much anymore. 
[07:04:54] <warchicken> sauerbraten was a good game.. 
[07:20:42] sauerbraten isn't a Q3A mod. 
[07:30:53] I get this error when using townychat with craftbukkit++, it's fine with normal craftbukkit http://pastebin.com/hrNFN9HN Anyone any idea?. 
[07:20:42] -_-. 
[07:32:23] cuddylier, cp++ creates lots of issues like that. 
[07:32:42] Is there anyway to fix them? No? It was the only plugin which broke with craftbukkit++. 
[07:32:39] the only way around it is to contact the devs and ask them to support a totally unsupported platform. 
[07:32:50] Oh, sorry lol. 
t be talking about in here. 
[07:35:15] sense*. 
[07:35:05] <Flamewar> CB++ Enhances the project. And is nothing more then a Mod. Given that Bukkit is itself a Mod... I since pettiness. </Flamewar> <LURK />. 
[07:36:42] Raniy: And as with any mod, for any problems that are known to be caused by a particular mod and not by bukkit or basic configurationproblems, the person asking the question was directed to project devs. 
[07:37:26] No I closed the Flamewar, up there see? Right before I entered LURK... Oh... drat.. 
[07:39:03] I'm not flaming or warring, I'm just saying this isn't a case of pettiness, there are a lot of problems where a user is directed to the project devs since #bukkit is about #bukkit. 
[07:40:18] But yes, Im not disagreeing with that at all. Its the percieved hostility anytime CB++ is mentioned... You dont see that reaction to say someone mentioning a mod to the vanilla server. They just get calmly redirected. 
[07:39:15] *is about bukkit, not pound that second time. 
[07:39:29] I assumed twitter Tagging ;P. 
[08:06:12] Raniy: To be fair most mods don't have a name that makes people confuse them with the thing they're modding. 
[07:49:17] i wonder if you guys have any ideas: i'm looking for a simple plugin that allows users to create their own friendly communities/groups and add/remove users from those groups themselves. i'd also like them to be able to assign their own titles within their group. i've had a look at simpleclans and factions but these seem very heavyweight considering the relatively simple mechanic i'm after. they. 
[07:49:17] also focus on pvp, which i'm not interested in. any ideas on plugins that may do the job?. 
Playback Complete.. 
amagee there is a link in here to place screenshots.: For posting multi-line texts into the channel, please use http://paste.ubuntu.com | To post !screenshots use http://imagebin.org/?page=add | !pastebinit to paste directly from command line | Make sure you give us the URL for your paste - see also the channel topic.. 
annnnnd its back!. 
xxiao: if you want something friendly, i suggest to use Synaptic. 
Turing Suicide - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-18561092. 
trepmal, did those changes and still not working.. 
Raccoon: you mean .. yesterday?. 
#l3top please help. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Yes?. 
wallace was slain by MyCraeft. 
|wat. 
11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Im allowed to pvp right?. 
double, triple checked.. 
orbii: Saturday through Sunday. 
no. 
possible but would be cooler when it is first at the same location and spreads then. 
Good afternoon Altazimuth. 
it's always a weekend. 
Hi AlexSteiner. 
k, its alraedy sunday here.. 
danawar2: can you cd into the loop mounted disk and view files in it?. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Yes but not in godmode or creative. 
so its not HAM Field Day, its HAM Field Weekend. 
I've finished my exams :>. 
why do they cal it 'field day' then :/. 
You?. 
I got a weird problem with my MC server. CPU usage is usually at 0-5% but once in 5 minutes then it goes to 100% for some seconds and it lags the whole server. Anyone know what I should do? Starting to give up. 
04[12Automsg04] LiX: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
erico was slain by Zombie Pigman. 
Yep. 
orbii: Well, it's going.. 
Wtf is that?. 
huge antennas and tiny 1-watt cw tranceivers. 
 /). 
because hams operate out in the field. 
Korra finale this fine morning. 
11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Kay. 
so when will arch require reboots for each single package update. 
wols_: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-18561092. 
soft_: if you reboot and run:  echo 5 | sudo tee sys/class/backlight/acpi_video0/brightness      is it ok?. 
yes. 
[](/bonhoof). 
11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Maspet. 
it looks like the interruption of internet connection caused your troubles. 
the sim cards in cdma phones are either because it has gsm capability or because its on lte, and verizon has some bastardized middleware they use to authenticate their LTE session over EVDO. 
sacarlson: yse. 
11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Wanna fight?. 
orbii: USA doesn't start till Saturday, so Europe listens Today. 
mooperd: good thing you went to google.com for us today. 
14[MSTXXEXTREME disconnected]. 
it cant find 'australia' when i type it in. 
nsadmin: have you seen the elecraft KX1?  SO ADORABLE.. 
none of use would have thought of that. 
indeed. 
but like i said, it really shouldn't do any harm. 
oops. 
Please no.. 
The Brain is 500kb large. 
?. 
Whitehawkx u there?. 
rape. 
I used the wrong word… I should've said "rotate" rather than "displace".. 
Nevermind, sloppy focus => no global menus => no (working) HUD... :(. 
so swappa says that I need to be able to sell the phone. 
soft_: if you reboot and run:  echo 5 | sudo tee /sys/class/backlight/acpi_video0/brightness      is it ok?. 
if the contract isnt up. 
I cant sell it on swappa?. 
wat. 
Did somebody say rape :3. 
reisio: it was mean for wols_. 
I can't make any platform now. 
is your contract not up?. 
like this for up/down http://pastebin.com/djvjgrnv. 
Because "displace" doesn't have any meaning for a vector.. 
this match. 
lol :p. 
danawar2: then maybe the problem is on the DESTINANTION directory,  can you touch a file in the directory you plan to copy it too?. 
okay, now it can - but nothing active. 
I get a tcpdump error. 
not sure if this works. 
it is not. 
14[MSTXXEXTREME connected]. 
MLPDrawingSchool emote. 
soft_: I do not remember how to fix that... It may be an acpi=off addition to kernel load... I will have to check.. 
it's pretty one sided. 
nvm. 
well that makes it all better. 
i redownloaded it but that didnt work. 
Ah. 
I dont believe so. 
i guess it's a US thing. 
And I just synced the latest repo. 
is anyone else having auth server problems?. 
you need to pay the ETF to get out of your contract first then anyway don't you?. 
no, but I built something, I forget exactly. 
Offline updates is more Poettering vandalism.. 
soft_: follow ActionParsnips instructions. 
Hello. I need help with JohnTheRipper. I get "no passwords hashes loaded" error when I try to use cuda. You can look here -> http://paste.kde.org/506426/. 
15[Default] erico: have you any things. 
Wow. 
gdanko: did you replace libpcap. 
not sure what you mean with rotating a vector. 
lol Grim_Reaper don't know what you're thinking. 
It's 5 degrees here. 
Lix: whats your server specs?. 
You?. 
sry if its wrong xDD. 
I forget the band even :) might have been 40m. 
A vector is a direction.. 
so a genius is equally likely to accidently poison himself as he is to commit suicide ? id argue statistics don't support that assumption. 
yeah. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[19:23:56] so yeah, if you op urself you should have like all of them. 
[19:24:03] cool. 
[19:24:24] whenever I add a permission to another group. 
[19:24:31] It reverts to default again. 
[19:24:37] when i start server. 
[19:24:40] then stop it. 
[19:24:52] how are you going about editing the permssions?. 
[19:25:52] it is. 
[19:26:01] if it isn't that could cause your configs to regen, but more likely cause a parsing error. 
[19:26:51] can you make a pastebin of exactly what you are pasting into the files? or even better, what the group file looks like afterword?. 
[19:26:53] hmm. 
[19:27:04] ok. 
[19:27:10] wait whats a pastebin. 
[19:27:15] I am noob at computers. 
[19:24:55] file or command?. 
[19:25:11] more like copy paste premade one in file. 
[19:25:24] I have essentials mind you. 
[19:25:37] hmm, well you need to make sure that it is in the right format. 
[19:28:42] I needed to delete one space and add a space between -essentials.blah. 
[19:28:47] I fix. 
[19:28:49] thankyou. 
[19:28:58] now what was your problem. 
[19:29:53] i am trying to figure out the custom nodes and how they are supposed to be formatted. 
[19:31:05] oh ok. 
[19:31:53] omg I found your post on bukkitdev. 
[19:31:55] lol. 
[19:32:29] lol. 
[19:33:00] whats that pokemons name. 
[19:27:20] www.pastebin.com. 
[19:35:51] ya. 
[19:35:49] sorry. 
[19:35:47] riolu*. 
[19:35:41] oh his name is actually rioulu. 
[19:35:41] Riolu. 
[19:27:28] http://pastebin.com/ERWF2WbF. 
[19:27:31] there. 
[19:27:35] thats what i copied. 
[19:28:10] your right it was wrong format. 
[19:28:21] yeah it is. 
[19:27:27] oh ok. 
[09:17:32] lol now its just a classnotfound error. 
[09:19:12] but i send to you the crazy classnotfound and the normal (shorter). 
[09:22:44] http://pastebin.com/UecSgah0. 
[09:30:49] i can look at it. but i dont know much about old canary plugin system. i tis a bit familiar tho. 
[09:31:16] most of the times when i get ane xception in URLClassLoader it means the jar was updated but not closed before updating.. 
[10:00:14] ???. 
[10:00:15] and it says class does not exist and when you do reloadplugin blabla just plugin doesn't exist. 
[16:18:44] Hello. 
[17:33:25] .tell Babble Ever thought about the possibility that the class doesn't exist?. 
[17:33:26] l4mRh4X0r: I'll pass that along.. 
[09:35:56] Babble, the class just isn't there.. 
[09:36:10] What are you using to develop?. 
[09:37:00] (inb4 "Java"). 
[09:37:27] in byte 4. 
[09:53:16] Jos- why is the first error longer than the second. 
[09:53:41] or l4mRh4x0r. 
[09:54:00] Because you did the first reload from the GUI. 
[09:54:14] and second from in-game. 
[09:58:07] lol but why 2 other errors?. 
[17:49:49] Anyone here familiar with namecheap?. 
[00:39:14] probably us. 
[04:28:30] define not working. 
[04:28:42] ?. 
[06:36:35] maybe not. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[00:38:32] "Identfile error? Wait. You're queued.". 
[00:39:05] Queued for what?. 
[00:39:11] What server?. 
[00:39:12] oh wait. 
[00:39:19] lol.. 
[00:39:27] ?oidentd. 
[00:39:28] RyanKnack: Current .oidentd.conf content: global { reply "Leonid" }. 
[00:39:47] Yep, us. 
[00:41:19] Is it server wide?. 
[00:41:42] ?oidentd. 
[00:41:54] RyanKnack: Current .oidentd.conf content: empty. 
[01:35:02] sooo many people using ipv6. 
[01:35:13] or is that freebnc tunneling ipv6 o.O. 
[02:42:01] If there's any Frenchie people I'd need some informations since I'm going there in a week :D. 
[02:45:17] ChauffeR so freebnc now has ipv6?. 
[02:47:03] herp.... 
[02:47:14] Kamal: it's always had it. 
[04:29:10] erm it says Attempting to connect to [irc.esper.net 6667] .... 
[02:47:18] lol. 
[08:03:40] are you seeing any errors in the server console?. 
damage world. 
 stomped. 
com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3Dg34B-YOaC7c&start1=0&video2=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DA67GQgoiinM&start2=3&authorName=OMAIGASHHHHHHH. 
[19:37:34] well I am off sorry I couldnt help your problem but thanks for helping mine. 
[18:07:24] Puff, yes. 
[18:08:48] Actually no I do have a question, can I make it redirect to an ip with a port?. 
, figured it out though :p. 
[18:15:21] my expertise most certainly do not lie in web servers or any kind of hosting for that matter. 
[02:51:49] I'm on for once!. 
[02:51:50] ;3. 
[02:52:07] Le derp.. 
[02:52:21] Not sure if it successfully identified me or not.. 
[05:49:22] is there any Working livemap for CanaryMod at the moment?. 
[05:49:36] lol. 
[06:01:24] not afaik. 
[06:01:56] does the livemap plugin not work?. 
[06:08:03] hmm, could try to port it :3. 
[06:02:34] i think its derping with multiworld and stuff, and i never got it to work :P not even on localhost. 
[06:03:06] I use dynmap on bukkit. 
[06:28:34] no. 
[06:02:44] which one btw?   LiveMap, dynmap or ?. 
[06:03:02] idk. 
[06:28:46] lol?. 
[06:30:52] https://github.com/webbukkit. 
[08:09:45] rape is used in that sense quite often in gaming communities. 

[08:08:20] Did somebody say rape :3. 
what you're thinking. 
 called something else, not rape. It's on the tip of my tongue though. 
[07:46:15] I hate[04:41:45] oh, it's _303.. 
ting to work.. 
.0.0 ;>. 
really stupid, it's kind of frustrating. 
girls :). 
[07:59:10] i know. 
ned the internet of while the server was still running'. 

[08:10:52] pwnage, also. 
[08:11:00] DiskDaemon, do you say "I'm fucked?". 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[07:59:05] that's weird. 
[07:53:36] dammit why is this lagging. 
[07:53:17] I see this being US in 20 years. 
[07:53:12] http://venturebeat.com/2012/06/14/ethiopia-skype-illegal/. 
[07:52:05] they play a lot. 
[07:51:50] I don't get how that happens. 
[07:51:20] several people on my frien[07:46:19] If I were g[04:29:56]  /msg *status setbindhost 0.0.0.0. 
ine of "They pride themselves on going bush" or something of that nature. 
phone becoming a millionare I would be pissed. 
[07:44:49] DiskDaemon: I swear to $deity you're just a walking innuendo cannon. 
gomg". 
Buffer Playback.... 
[08:10:05] What you have there looks like it would do what you wa[08:03:34] so you fire a arrow and at each side lik[0[06:34:48] maybe i will some time, for Creeper. 
ight?. 
 
nv. 
ther th[21:47:29] how do i configure custom nodes in custom_nodes.yml? I haven't been able to find a sample.... 
/EntitySilverfish.java : Added EntitySilverfish for diff visibility - http://git.io/7lFVAA. 
[08:04:36] yes. 
[08:03:55] no nothing. 
[08:04:20] but i see prepairing world 0 and stuff and then it just doesnt load the world. 
[08:04:31] you tried another world?. 
[08:04:54] a new world works just fine. 
[08:05:07] only that world doesnt. 
and all choices are perfect. 
[08:05:36] but maybe its because i turned off the internet while being on the server. 
[08:06:39] it looks like. 
[08:06:48] but that really  shouldn't cause trouble. 
[08:06:52] it looks like what?. 
[08:07:52] it looks like the interruption of internet connection caused your troubles. 
[08:08:02] indeed. 
[08:08:02] but like i said, it really shouldn't do any harm. 
[08:08:32] i redownloaded it but that didnt work. 
[08:08:33] is anyone else having auth server problems?. 
[08:09:16] what do you mean sith auth. 
[08:09:30] trying to connect to server, i get bad login. 
[08:09:32] what do you mean WITH auth. 
[08:09:39] ehm. 
[08:10:10] let me see. 
ent and i cant login. 
[08:10:20] what version are you using?. 
[08:10:52] what anti-virus program do you have?. 
but it doesnt work. 
[08:10:53] nvm. 
[08:10:56] can connect now. 
[08:11:00] ok :). 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[08:06:27] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Ello. 
[08:06:28] 15[Default] MyCraeft: shut up. 
[08:06:31] 15[Default] EpicBurak: wanna build a house too?. 
[08:06:37] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: I already got a house. 
[08:06:51] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Rhyan. 
[08:07:06] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Yes?. 
[08:07:07] wallace was slain by MyCraeft. 
[08:07:12] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Im allowed to pvp right?. 
[08:07:14] !converse testinng. 
[08:07:15] [Rymate-Bot] he's translated for me :S.. 
[08:07:18] !converse testing. 
[08:07:18] [Rymate-Bot] did you cherry pick from testing?. 
[08:07:28] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Yes but not in godmode or creative. 
[08:07:35] erico was slain by Zombie Pigman. 
[08:07:37] Wtf is that?. 
[08:07:46] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Kay. 
[08:07:51] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Maspet. 
[08:07:53] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Wanna fight?. 
[08:07:58] 14[MSTXXEXTREME disconnected]. 
[08:08:28] 14[MSTXXEXTREME connected]. 
[08:08:42] 15[Default] erico: have you any things. 
[08:09:07] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Rhyan. 
[08:09:10] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Yes?. 
[08:09:14] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Can I get my admin stuff back please?. 
[08:09:16] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: No. 
[08:09:20] 15[Default] EpicBurak: matt. 
[08:09:23] 15[Default] EpicBurak: mattspet. 
[08:09:24] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Lol why?. 
[08:09:28] 14[MSTXXEXTREME disconnected]. 
[08:09:32] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Only admins + ment to have them. 
[08:09:34] 15[Default] Matspet00: ?. 
[08:09:35] 15[Default] EpicBurak: how does the entrance needs to look like. 
[08:09:36] 14[wallace disconnected]. 
[08:09:39] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Okey. 
[08:09:40] 14[wallace connected]. 
[08:09:42] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: If you die other uers will get them.... 
[08:09:44] erico tried to swim in lava. 
[08:09:45] 15[Default] EpicBurak: this is a sleep and eat place. 
[08:09:49] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: true. 
[08:09:50] 15[Default] Matspet00: idk. 
[08:09:51] 15[Default] EpicBurak: just 2 doors?. 
[08:09:52] 15[Default] Matspet00: u do that. 
[08:09:55] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Nope. 
[08:10:03] 15[Default] Matspet00: hm sure. 
[08:10:09] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: I never kill with admin stuff. 
[08:10:26] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Wanna fight maspet. 
[08:10:37] 11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: matspet*. 
[08:10:41] 15[Default] Matspet00: go away. 
[08:10:42] 15[Default] Matspet00: lol. 
[08:10:48] 5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Lol pwned. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[07:15:30] 04[12Automsg04] iSeven77: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
[07:15:46] that was a question i forgot the ? :P. 
[07:16:14] .p3. 
[07:16:03] can i use permissions instead of gm?. 
[07:16:16] whats wrong with GM ?. 
[07:16:16] :(. 
[07:16:21] perms2/3 are dead. 
[07:16:24] GM is great:). 
[07:16:25] anythign else will work. 
[07:16:49] nothing wrong with gm, i just have permission already and not gm. 
[07:17:18] do NOT under ANY circumstances use Permissions 2/3. 
[07:17:39] so anyone have an idea on how to charge for commands ? like /home i know there is a section in config.yml and has example but is the sintaxis home: $100 ? o wha ?. 
[07:20:21] wait so i should get rid of permissions and replace it with gm correct?. 
[07:24:33] thanks for help :). 
[07:36:53] DG_element, yes. Permissions 2/3 is DEAD. It WILL NOT WORK. 
[07:36:54] 04[12Automsg04] If you are having problems with Essentials it's a good idea to check your server log for errors, if you can't understand it, pastebin the startup log and errors so we can see.. 
[07:37:02] shush Lain . 
[07:44:55] Is anyone here good at Javascript?. 
[07:44:55] 04[12Automsg04] ivmoriginal: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
[07:59:59] Ok so now my groupmanager commands are giving me internal errors.. 
[08:00:00] 04[12Automsg04] If you have internal errors, please check your server log, if you can't understand it, pastebin the error so we can see.. 
[08:00:51] Veinlockx: that usually means you have a config error. 
[08:01:03] startup log will tell us where. 
[08:01:07] .newlog. 
[08:01:07] .newlog: 3Stop your server, move your server.log out of the craftbukkit directory. Start your server, let it load completely, then stop it. A new server.log will be created, please upload it to 12http://pastie.org 03or 12http://pastebin.com 3and post the link in the channel.. 
[08:01:54] http://pastie.org/4138158. 
[08:03:09] - node. 
des supposed to be -node or - node?. 
[08:03:19] Ah.  that may be the problem. 
[08:04:05] next time you have a problem, you can check server.log, it will always tell you problem. 
[08:05:00] Yea, after you told me where to look. 
[08:05:06] I figured it out on my own :P lol. 
[08:07:10] |wat. 
[08:07:35] I got a weird problem with my MC server. CPU usage is usually at 0-5% but once in 5 minutes then it goes to 100% for some seconds and it lags the whole server. Anyone know what I should do? Starting to give up. 
[08:07:35] 04[12Automsg04] LiX: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
[08:08:53] Lix: whats your server specs?. 
[08:10:03] 100/100Mbit fiber also. 
 before, I ran the server for over a month perfectly. 
z, 32GB RAM @ 1600MHz and SSD etc... 
[08:10:24] 8 cores, 100% CPU usage?. 
[08:10:24] Then this bug started to appear . 
[08:10:28] That's what I mean. 
[08:10:40] Because it's always at 0-3% usage. 
[08:10:31] It's a bug. 
[08:10:43] MC is single threaded. 
[08:10:44] When there's ~10 players. 
[08:11:00] It uses power from all my cores at least. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[08:29:51] so I made another with a 1. 
[08:29:53] liol. 
[08:29:54] its a sub. 
[08:29:55] ok. 
[08:30:33] I know. 
0001, you do realise if someone joins, they won't find out. 
[08:30:44] I just do not want anyone to talk as me in the server chat. 
[08:30:50] as in they nab that username. 
[08:30:55] EsperBot isn't gonna use it. 
[08:30:56] The thing is bein slow. 
[08:31:04] what username do you want. 
[08:31:07] erm. 
[08:31:11] :P. 
e12345?. 
[08:33:35] :(. 
page takes 10 seconds to load tha basic parts. 

[08:33:43] The CP is a bit slow. 
[08:35:30] username:. 
[08:35:31] rymate. 
[08:37:33] password...?. 
[08:37:43] I PM'd it to you. 
[08:43:24] oh james00000001 . 
[08:43:33] are you aware that the server is out of date? :P. 
[08:43:50] apparently your craftbukkit needs updating. 
[08:46:01] I am on RB3. 
[08:46:06] The latest. 
[08:49:52] O_o. 
[16:51:01] Why is MPServ being such an annoying thing right now?. 
[16:51:36] It took half a min for the console to say "pong" after i tped "ping" into it. 
[16:51:42] & not . 
L3top:. 
[16:51:53] * & now the page crahed on me. 
[14:02:36] .players. 
[14:03:22] Yo rymate, when you get this you should know that your IRC has been disconnected from ur server. 
[14:03:34] wait. 
[14:03:36] my bad. 
[14:03:44] I thaught this was the #rymate channel. 
[14:03:47] Its te zx7 channel. 
[14:47:22] !flags +q $~a. 
 !flags EsperBot . 
[14:55:14] SPLIT. 
[09:14:02] hiiiii. 
[10:44:10] lol. 
[08:59:11] hai james00000001 . 
[08:59:15] look at mah site http://rymate.co.uk/. 
Playback Complete.. 
danawar2, did you cp -r?. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[21:22:47] is that whats preventing it?. 
[21:22:50] Yes. 
[21:22:59] how i close out of it. 
[21:23:04] http://www.spout.org/threads/using-avg-and-cant-start-or-play-spoutcraft.989/. 
[21:23:36] Hmm... Can you use the jar version instead of the exe version on Windows too?. 
[21:24:35] ok i disable it. 
[21:25:05] MWisBest: He tried but it didin't work also. 
[21:26:06] Well um... does an antivirus block a .jar from executing?. 
oh .. a mathematical cryptography computing genius ... is not meticulous ... okay ... you are stren[22:16:10] Asphodan, ping. 
latest launcher, but if the antivirus blocks the download, nothing to see, no launcher to start. 
[22:18:27] anyone else having problems with PaintedStone?. 
[22:23:46] Morning, all.. 
[22:28:40] AgentK, :D. 
[22:31:52] hi. 
[22:43:01] Typical_Name did u test manabags and backpack on the same server?. 
[22:46:58] no I haven't tried backpacks yet. 
[22:47:02] I wanted to know if they were compatible. 
[22:49:13] well they perform the same kind of role, I didn't know if having multiple inventory-enhancing plugins would cause problems. 
[01:05:35] hello. 
[01:05:44] heya. 
[01:42:30] "Backing up 2,416,695 items". 
[01:42:44] "38KB of 427.3GB - About 176,900 days". 
[01:50:46] El fook?. 
[02:00:34] So...... 
[02:01:21] short question .... whats the names of numpad hotkeys ?. 
[02:34:54] hi. 
[05:43:26] does anyone understand the FontRenderer code in spoutcraft at all? It mentions something about an "inverse" and the cause being unknown in very broken english, and I'm suspicious of the +0.01F being necessary at all. 
[06:07:47] Maybe someone can help me with spoutcraft launcher modifying ?. 
[07:01:29] Hey. 
[07:25:10] Anyone else get extreme lag and/or crash on typing /plugins on a server with lots of plugins? I got that issue after patching a lot of spout code into my client but found a fix for it, wondering if it affects spout itself. 
[07:33:47] I get this error when using townychat with craftbukkit++, it's fine with normal craftbukkit http://pastebin.com/hrNFN9HN. 
[07:33:52] Anyone any idea?. 
[07:34:20] Disable Towny's version check cuddylier. 
[07:34:29] Is that in the config?. 
[07:34:35] In the Towny config yes. 
[07:34:41] Okay, thanks. 
[07:34:45] And that's the only issue?. 
[07:34:49] Yes. 
[07:35:30] Good. 
[07:37:56] Wulfspider http://pastebin.com/GDyVknfH this?. 
[07:38:07] yes. 
[07:38:29] Just to :true right?. 
[07:39:21] As far as I know. 
[07:41:29] Glad you found some help cuddylier. 
[07:41:41] :D. 
[07:41:52] thanks. 
[07:46:43] Afforess made this thread for the problem i have been having http://forums.spout.org/threads/fixing-gui-crashing.3620/. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[09:53:35] hai. 
[09:53:48] hai nub. 
[09:54:09] Nice ip. 
[09:55:38] chrizc, needs an MOTD. 
[10:13:11] rymate1234 didn't before now, no point lol. 
[10:15:02] 'lo Shadow386. 
[10:16:04] pushed a commit last night. 
[10:15:05] chrizc, I need you. 
[10:15:11] <3. 
[10:15:39] ahaha. 
[10:16:01] so yeah, Shadow386. 
[10:16:15] finally at a stage in my work where I feel comfortable enough to dedicate time to DEV. 
[10:16:15] congrats, kinda busy. 
[10:16:15] :3. 
[10:16:20] okedoke. 
[10:24:19] lol. 
[12:17:20] chrizc, what does Shadow do again?. 
[12:17:40] he's a head honcho at adanac. 
[12:17:48] oh lol. 
[12:18:05] probably adanac's version of mollstam coupled with jahkob. 
[12:18:05] maybe he could make the multiplayer server for DEV!. 
[13:18:29] http://puu.sh/AhVN. 
[12:18:14] no.. 
[12:18:16] that's my job.. 
[12:18:25] lol. 
[12:18:27] ok. 
[13:18:44] :O. 
Playback Complete.. 
Buffer Playback.... 
[04:46:39] [CraftBukkit/master] Added EntitySilverfish for diff visibility - feildmaster. 
[04:46:39] [CraftBukkit/master] Trigger EntityBlockChangeEvent for Silverfish. Adds BUKKIT-1560 and BUKKIT-1593 - feildmaster. 
[04:46:43] BUKKIT-1593: http://goo.gl/kQMWG - "Silverfish enter block event" - Open, last updated about 1 month ago (with 2 comments and 2 watchers). 
ers). 
[04:46:48] lol. 
[04:49:12] BUKKIT-1593 ("Silverfish enter block event") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/kQMWG. 
[04:49:15] BUKKIT-1560 ("Silverfish call EntityChangeBlockEvent") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/Igq1V. 
[04:53:40] I wonder what the pricing on buycraft is.. 
[06:20:34] Does anyone see anything in my logs http://pastebin.com/3FM3NMrd that could cause the ticks per second to go down? It keeps going from 20tps to 10 then to 15 and all over the place.. 
[06:21:06] And when the tps is lower the can't keep up messages are more frequent. 
[06:45:47] hallo. 
[06:46:09] kann mir hier vllt einer weiter helfen. 
[06:46:12] ?. 
[06:46:33] ich will die op gruppe die es ja schon von anfang an gibt bearbeiten. 
[06:46:40] bloß ich finde nix. 
[06:46:45] wo man das könnte. 
[06:46:52] ICH NOT BIN GERMAN, NEIN. 
[06:46:59] ICH LIKE EATING SAUERBRATEN. 
[06:48:05] nobody from german here?. 
[06:48:44] NEIN. 
[06:48:52] afaik. 
[06:48:59] ok , thanks :D. 
[06:49:06] bye bye. 
[06:56:17] sauerbraten was a good game.. 
[07:03:52] Time to hunt down more freelancer work.. 
[07:04:51] lol. 
[07:04:54] <warchicken> sauerbraten was a good game.. 
[07:20:42] sauerbraten isn't a Q3A mod. 

 much anymore. 
evening fellas. 
[07:20:42] -_-. 
this error when using townychat with craftbukkit++, it's fine with normal craftbukkit http://pastebin.com/hrNFN9HN Anyone any idea?. 
[07:32:23] cuddylier, cp++ creates lots of issues like that. 
[07:32:39] the only way around it is to contact the devs and ask them to support a totally unsupported platform. 
[07:32:42] Is there anyway to fix them? No? It was the only plugin which broke with craftbukkit++. 
[07:32:44] that you shouldnt be talking about in here. 
[07:32:50] Oh, sorry lol. 
[07:32:58] or to not use unoffocial versions that change the product. 
[07:35:05] <Flamewar> CB++ Enhances the project. And is nothing more then a Mod. Given that Bukkit is itself a Mod... I since pettiness. </Flamewar> <LURK />. 
[07:35:15] sense*. 
[07:36:42] Raniy: And as with any mod, for any problems that are known to be caused by a particular mod and not by bukkit or basic configurationproblems, the person asking the question was directed to project devs. 
[07:37:26] No I closed the Flamewar, up there see? Right before I entered LURK... Oh... drat.. 
[07:39:03] I'm not flaming or warring, I'm just saying this isn't a case of pettiness, there are a lot of problems where a user is directed to the project devs since #bukkit is about #bukkit. 
[07:39:15] *is about bukkit, not pound that second time. 
[07:40:18] But yes, Im not disagreeing with that at all. Its the percieved hostility anytime CB++ is mentioned... You dont see that reaction to say someone mentioning a mod to the vanilla server. They just get calmly redirected. 
[07:39:29] I assumed twitter Tagging ;P. 
[07:49:17] i wonder if you guys have any ideas: i'm looking for a simple plugin that allows users to create their own friendly communities/groups and add/remove users from those groups themselves. i'd also like them to be able to assign their own titles within their group. i've had a look at simpleclans and factions but these seem very heavyweight considering the relatively simple mechanic i'm after. they. 
[07:49:17] also focus on pvp, which i'm not interested in. any ideas on plugins that may do the job?. 
they're modding. 
Playback Complete.. 
but there must be a better way. 
a more cooler xD. 
 used in a looooong while. 
You need a perpendicular vector.. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Afk editing website. 
best to just avoid the word, you and everyone else. 
11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: BTW rhyan what do u think of my sword. 
So now "rape" means that something is happening that I don't like?. 
of course being a genius isn't a choice either. 
amagee: oh yeah... that's... thats way wrong... do not expect it is flash.. 
Hi Xyerohour. 
There may be a simple formula for this.... 
no. 
Now I understand nothing xD. 
oops. 
Hey. 
yeah. 
if you can't login, a few consecutive tries will get you in most of the times :). 
c:. 
escott: no ill try that now never used -r. 
that... doesnt sound like something MC can do. 
Well it does. 
\o/. 
it's very interesting.. it only happens on webpages, and only on some web pages. 
MarcLandis - here?. 
wat. 
but happens across chrome and firefox. 
The other guys are better than me?. 
imagining an infinite bit of tape and closing your mouth when invisible gas is emitted are two different things. 
Perhaps?. 
11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: Who wants to fight?. 
if, say. 
kain: what anti-virus program do you use?. 
your team won like. 
14[MyCraeft disconnected]. 
a terminal soft_.. 
6-0. 
ignoring the mechanics of CPU and threading, can you give server.log?. 
it means that the rapee is getting completely desimated. 
ugh, kian ^. 
but it just gives me that red cross. 
Wow. 
L3top:  I ran every line in the pastebin, restart now?. 
frogzoo: it isn't even measurable. 
ccleaner. 
Ahh, so the losers were completely raped. 
yes bjrohan. 
lol. 
we need a new word for the real rape. 
14[crazyclara disconnected]. 
pretty much. 
bird hit the ground too hard. 
14[crazyclara connected]. 
11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: brb. 
Maybe it switches between all the cores of course but it most definitely uses all of them.. 
14[~5Quinton disconnected]. 
being a genius in a world of idiots ... can easily and is known to result in feelings of isolation and detachment ... same is true for a gay person in 1950 .... add the two together and multiply by some random synergistic factor ... throw some hormonal punishment into the mix ... by his own country for whom he stood and fought as a hero ... nah ... why would that drive anyone to suicide. 
danawar2: or as given rsync -aP /mnt/ /somewhere/big. 
gj. 
hey lads having a problem getting both my usb drives to auto mount (came back from holiday to find a bash:- Permissiong denied error. So here is the paste bin of what I did http://pastebin.com/qKeZ4RCN Please advise. 
because soon enough if someone screams rape no one will do anything. 
dav1d - i can see at least 3 spots. 
L3top: also, on some web pages it doesn't even update when i type text in a text box or click a check box. 
it needs more personality. 
.players. 
14Online (9/30): EpicBurak Matspet00 bird coollew3 crazyclara erico tildasoderlund00 wallace ~Rhyan. 
ie. the text box works, but i can't see anything. 
It sounds like an education on such new usages is in order. 
Sqozza?. 
lix: now you are starting to speak nonsense. 
Sqozza : You should totally stop saying "Oh fuck me." in that luscious voice in your amnesia videos.. 
personalty? pffft. 
XD. 
hi there, anyone can help me out. I've implemented jake's darkactionbar , but on the samsung galaxy s3 the background of the menu remains systemcolor black, whatever I try to change.. 
damo: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rotfJzzflW4. 
14[wallace disconnected]. 
You'll give all the other boys strange pants feelings.. 
sudo cp -r testdrive /home/danawar/Desktop/ caused a long pause which is promising :). 
:3. 
Out of all weapons that exist. Whats your favourite?. 
Mortvert: 3 spots?. 
Yup. 
Grim_Reaper: in what. 
soft_: does the command change the brightness ok?. 
tf2?. 
where a creep could spawn. 
"Help I'm being raped!" "No you just suck, practice more.". 
Wohooo. 
like what? XD. 
oh. 
No the world sqozza. 
SO, I downloaded the sources, what do I do with them?. 
Not tf2. 
although it wouldn't work before o.o. 
danawar2, cp without the -r recursive flag only copies regular files not directories. 
o. 
small children. 
« being a genius ». 
:o. 
Necrodoom: I am just telling you what I am seeing, Java is using power from all my cores. 
define genius.. 
doesn't it just say the finding was not based on any fact?. 
I guess I eat your weapons then... 
Mortvert: oh darn. 
15[Default] Matspet00: stop the freaking rain. 
http://www.physicsclassroom.com/class/vectors/u3l1g.cfm so the first thing here is only vector adding I think. 
in case of firearms, probably an l115a2/3. 
I didn't see the obsidian right :(. 
I thought you ate midgets.. 
my bad. 
danawar2: follow ALL the instructions. 
Necrodoom: Now it just went to 100% on all my cores again. 
6[Donator] coollew3: go to a desert. 
lix: nothing else running on java?. 
Inpressive. 
Ah yes, cross product.. 
oh actually i lie, that issue i just showed you doesn't occur on that page in firefox. 
Reventlov: according to cmnky a genius doesn't suffer accidents. 
Ahh ok great i now have it on my desktop :D. 
PervertedMonk, don't use sudo with udisks. 
Soo I have this node - -moarrows.use.all in my permissions under default.  This node should deny default players from using that plugin, but it doesn't.  How come the perm on it isn't working?. 
Its learning!!. 
I'm a genus :D. 
15[Default] Matspet00: can somone seet a warp for me?. 
ty :) now to change the permissions :D. 
reisio, i think it says ... in summary ... due to poor evidence gathering methods at the time, it could have been an accident ... although the article says "equally likely" ... and i argue thats bs. 
14[IDontKnow connected]. 
reventlov amorphum. 
Veinlockx: added though config?. 
Necrodoom: Nothing else, I just tried the same on a clean Ubuntu installation - Now Windows Server 2008. 
I think you'd take the cross product of your vector with (0,1,0) and add that to the original vector.. 
reisio, i never said that. 
TEA when will you COOL DOWN ENOUGH TO DRINK. 
cmnky: yeah well. 
Necrodoom: Only thing running is the server. 
PervertedMonk, udisks means "user disks" its meant to be run by regular users. 
never. 
Necrodoom: Same problem on both OS. 
It will so. 
if journalists weren't idiots, they'd have another job, wouldn't they. 
15[Default] Matspet00: idontknow. 
Veinlockx: if yes, did /manload or restart?. 
I'm going to lie in bed on phone and watch that stream. 
Not entirely sure here.. 
nini. 
15[Default] Matspet00: can u set a warp?. 
sleepwell. 
Yea, it's in the globalgroups. 
where can I fin all options for the PS1 (in .bashrc)?. 
escott but when I tried it without sudo I got :  /usr/bin/udisks --mount /dev/sdb1Mount failed: Not Authorized. 
microsoft security essentials. 
6[Donator] coollew3: hey idontknow can u use /enchant all. 
11[Moderator] ~5Quinton: nope. 
actually i'm not getting any issues in firefox anymore.. maybe it is somehow flash screwing everything up. 
???. 
if you accidentally swallowed cyanide ... and wanted to live .. the average idiot knows to head to the hospital. 
LiX: can you provide server.log?. 
.newlo. 
uploading another HL2 episode. 
.newlog. 
.newlog: 3Stop your server, move your server.log out of the craftbukkit directory. Start your server, let it load completely, then stop it. A new server.log will be created, please upload it to 12http://pastie.org 03or 12http://pastebin.com 3and post the link in the channel.. 
btw. 
that's why i tried using sudo after that. 
PervertedMonk, what is the output of "groups". 
I was just going over some stuff with LVM and encryption, and noticed something on archwiki... 
14[Tree connected]. 
blurb. 
man bash. 
.newlog. 
.newlog: 3Stop your server, move your server.log out of the craftbukkit directory. Start your server, let it load completely, then stop it. A new server.log will be created, please upload it to 12http://pastie.org 03or 12http://pastebin.com 3and post the link in the channel.. 
elron: PROMPTING. 
at least walk outside with a post it note on your forehead if thats as far as you can make it. 
any videos that aren't Amnesia. 
up to nova prospekt \:D/. 
erico hit the ground too hard. 
I do not give a single fuck about. 
15[Default] Matspet00: does sommone need a house lol?. 
i did. 
more  ... dots.. 
But try it and see?. 
I'd like to finish my Hl2 one. 
gmathews adm dialout cdrom floppy audio video plugdev users lpadmin sambashare admin. 
Necrodoom: How should I give it to you? Is there some handy command to paste it?. 
thanks. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: matspet. 
started it with the intention of finishing it. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: this isnt a house i think. 
It says at https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/System_Encryption_with_LUKS#LVM_and_dm-crypt_manually_.28short_version.29, about mkinitcpio.conf "Put lvm2 and encrypt (in that order) before filesystems in the HOOKS array.". 
Title: System Encryption with LUKS - ArchWiki (at wiki.archlinux.org). 
Any videos that are about Amnesia, I give a shit about.. 
Literally.. 
uhhh, didn't the article suggest you could accidentally ingest tiny amount of cyanide over time that would eventually kill you unexpectedly?. 
so if someone were to init and sync the repo as it is, they couldnt build?. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: more like a shelter. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Back. 
except mine. 
15[Default] Matspet00: yeaeh. 
lix: read what lain said, maybe?. 
'cause mine are bad. 
14[Turkish_Power connected]. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: where you can eat and sleep. 
V6ser: I can't remember if I showed you the chrome aokp wall or not. 
i think there is a new nostalgic reverence for mr turing ... which is much deserved ... and now journalists are propping him up as much as possible, for lack of anything else to write about. 
you have problems when you skim even less than me, dude. 
It's not so much about the videos, as about the game. D:. 
15[Default] Matspet00: yeah. 
Hello. 
14[Turkish_Power disconnected]. 
you give people shits. 
15[Default] Matspet00: like a inkeeper?. 
14[~5Quinton disconnected]. 
NOO!. 
Is that right? Other docs I had followed in the past said the opposite, encrypt and then lvm2. And my running system now has it that way as well.. 
Might want to normalize it before adding.. 
but what does that have to do with a world thats not loading in a unrealistic video game. 
what journalists always do. 
wow. 
Lol. 
Veinlockx: can you paste globalgroups.yml?. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: uhm okay. 
Actually several systems here.. 
dav1d: he felt your world wasn't enough shiny :-). 
14[MrCookieMan connected]. 
like. 
oh.  so you don't want to see it then?. 
you literally. 
It's finished?. 
give people shits. 
what does this mean?. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: ryhan. 
yesp i want. 
Grim_Reaper : Only if you want to be missing an eye.. 
Yeah, its not like I slaved over it lol. 
so yeah ... it could have been an accident ... kennedy could have been killed by the CIA ... the moon could have been made of cheese. 
antivirus detecting MC as malicious. 
yes it's change. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: hey guys. 
I smell map corruption. 
6[Donator] coollew3: hey. 
seems it does that alot lately. 
oh man. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: hi. 
PervertedMonk, so from your current state do "sudo udisks --unmount /dev/sdb1" and verify it is unmounted by running "mount" and checking that sdb1 does not appear. then run udisks --mount /dev/sdb1 and please paste that error. 
but. 
dino-: If the first layer is LUKS, you need encrypt first.. 
hmmm now I'm tempted. 
you are fast. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: mrcooki. 
Perhaps it doesn't matter as long as the two of them are before filesystems.. 
sure.  One moment. 
conspiracy theories in ##linux. 
it will still run until reboot. 
a genius is anyone who realises something that has never been seen before. 
i've always wanted to be a pirate. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: can you set a warp?. 
it still can be made of cheese. 
15[Default] Matspet00: rhyan. 
amagee: I am tempted to agree with you, though I have not had this experience... something is funky with the driver... can you open catalyst and check the settings there?. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: yes. 
xD. 
with enough cows & effort. 
15[Default] Matspet00: can u set a warp. 
well more than just an interenet one. 
Necrodoom: What files do you want to see? server.log.1? server.log.1.lck? server.log.lck? . 
i think the map just got corrupted somehow. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Dont set warps. 
nini. 
or goats, if you like. 
next time don't click the X or use ctrl+c to stop server, use "stop" command without quotes in the console. 
*internet. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: but defaults etc cant use it. 
14[bird disconnected]. 
OMFG. 
15[Default] Matspet00: oh. 
arghhhh. 
in a way that the server can't handle it anymore. 
goat cheese > cow cheese. 
14[bird connected]. 
damn wine. 
you finished 114 projects in 3 days :D. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: why not?. 
reisio++. 
also: backups. 
kennedy wasn't killed by the CIA?. 
i couldnt get rid of the tcpdump errors so I deleted the entire repo and re-synced last night.. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: a private warp then?. 
LiX: if you had read, i said server.log. 
cmnky: why are you using ... every 5 words ?. 
15[Default] Matspet00: epic. 
Basically I'm saying something like this (where vel is the player's velocity): a.setVelocity(vel.add(vel.crossProduct(new Vector(0, 1, 0)).normalize()));. 
danawar2: also don't guess that we know what you typed as command show us all so we have an idea what might have gone wrong in the future. 
2 questions, 1) Has anyone used a program called "Mr. Tracker"?  2) Does anyone know how to or if it is even possible to convert a .exe to a .apk?. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: ?. 
I double click on a PNG and it starts wine -.-. 
tried to build this morning and i still got the errors. 
15[Default] Matspet00: let it just be then. 
soft_: you should direct your comments to ActionParsnip.. 
i always use stop exept for this time. 
15[Default] Matspet00: when he says no its no. 
frogzoo: a genius is anyone that some other person who admits to not being a genius claims is one. 
Reventlov, wikipedia .... 
is there any utility to test usb drive read/write speed?. 
So this is the globalgroups http://pastie.org/4138215. 
Method names may not be quite right.. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: okay... 
bird hit the ground too hard. 
ActionParsnip: <soft_> yes it's change. 
Necrodoom: Chillout with the attitude?. 
Necrodoom: Jeez. 
rmc3: basically :p. 
 .... 
and this is the server log http://pastie.org/4138216. 
reisio: plenty of geniuses recognise their own genius. 
so screw it, i will cherry pick those two commits and fetch the new libpcap. 
Just_Reboot - I didn't see a tweet about it. 
H_H_Holmes: I think this may be wrong then on the archwiki. 
ActionParsnip: <soft_> yes it's change. 
niiiiiiice!. 
[17:16] <Keiran> Grim_Reaper : Only if you want to be missing an eye.. 
I did tweet it, but it was a week ago or something. 
Thats sad ;-;. 
cmnky: moar doats.. 
15[Default] Matspet00: rhyan. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Yo. 
plenty of non-geniuses recognise their own genius, too o.o. 
frogzoo: for example?. 
escott: gmathews@gmathews-ProLiant-MicroServer:/media$ udisks --mount /dev/sdb1. 
Mount failed: Not Authorized. 
trying to find the stupid file now in my crowded dropbox, sec. 
15[Default] Matspet00: can i has some gravel?. 
newton. 
15[Default] Matspet00: lol. 
wait.. the game left minecraft. 
einstein. 
It's describing the setup I'm using, /dev/sda1 -> /boot, /dev/sda2 -> LVM. 
mind... blown. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Dont have any. 
15[Default] Matspet00: ok :3. 
the solution is to drink more wine, then you won't care. 
[](/flutterwoah). 
Korra. 
you think those men referred to themselves as geniuses?. 
L3top: how do i open it? if i try to run it from the menu, nothing happens. 
Veinlockx: you do release that globalgroups is not where you put groups at, yes?. 
PervertedMonk, can you run "ps aux | grep udisks" and verify that udisks-daemon is running. 
Spoil and you die :>. 
k lets see. 
i can play the map on singleplayer. 
And then the rest of your partitions on that LVM. Point being that you want to use a single passphrase or whatever to gain access.. 
[](/lunagasp). 
if we believe it was an accident .. it absolves all of the UK for having driven the guy to suicide and treated their savior like crap ... and there's no history of people treating their saviors like crap now is there ? ;). 
yep, I do. 
So, sounds like encrypt first to me.. 
Dammit. 
Veinlockx: its default permissions, pretty much. 
now that I look at it, its as halfassed as it gets. 
frogzoo: and now you just have to provide a reliable quotation. 
https://www.dropbox.com/s/9ki5ibt4qbmovlv/ChromeAOKP.jpg. 
Veinlockx: you are supposed to edit groups.yml. 
sacarlson: Its very confusing for me you must understand that O.o i'm still learning. 
build huge antenna, watch birds fly into the staywires and die, collect dead birds, ???, profit!. 
My Korra friend on FB has no way to watch it either. 
holy fuck it compiled. 
FINALLY. 
i still cant find how to charge for commands like /home ! :P anyone knows how ?. 
04[12Automsg04] iSeven77: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
root      1489  0.0  0.3  24244  3660 ?        Sl   17:04   0:00 /usr/lib/udisk /udisks-daemon. 
15[Default] Matspet00: ho needs a house. 
4 days of derping around and it FINALLY FUCKING COMPILED. 
sda2 isn't LUKS?. 
cmnky: was his own decision. 
hmmm... one sec amagee.. 
Yea, but then the other day I was in here and I was told that globalgroups is where I put all my permissions. 
15[Default] Matspet00: i got kind of a village. 
erico was slain by MrCookieMan. 
reisio: newton was a famous egomaniac, as was einstein. 
iSeven77: ctrl + f command-cost in config. 
04[erico was KICKED (grief)]. 
Veinlockx: who told you that?. 
L3top: I am back after completing your pastebin lines and rebooting. Now what. 
danawar2: we are all learning, no one know it all. 
14[erico disconnected]. 
14[Tree disconnected]. 
root      1490  0.0  0.0   6328   732 ?        S    17:04   0:00 udisks-daemon: not polling any device. 
frogzoo: quotation. 
reisio, i admit i don't know ... neither does anyone else ... what is known ... is they shat on the guy. 
it's running right?. 
cmnky: that's how you know you're doing it right. 
dont know what caused this change ;/. 
Just_Reboot - 0.0. 
Good. 
It was one of you guys, I can't remember who it was. but i think their name started with a C. 
Congrats. 
orbii: ARRL is a US thing.  Field Day is world wide.. 
and thx. 
orbii: find your local ham club. 
amagee: I would try sudo apt-get install fglrx-amdcccle-updates. 
but i label this "equally likely it was an accident" as journalistic tripe. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: matt. 
http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/2010/mar/21/albert-einstein-notes. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: what now?. 
PervertedMonk, what version of ubuntu and what desktop environment are you running. 
there is a section where they give me the example like #/example costs $1000 PER USE. 
15[Default] Matspet00: mhm. 
I read that as fuck because a site I go to sometimes default filters fuck to spoil. 
vOv. 
6[Donator] coollew3: am i allowed to pvp when not in gm?. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: yes. 
Veinlockx: either way, that yml is broken. 
15[Default] Matspet00: should we make houses and shit for sale?. 
bjrohan: Nothing. Everything should be working as well as it can :). 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: but u cant use gm stuff. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: yes. 
8[Trusted] tildasoderlund00: HI!. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: creative*. 
cmnky: agreed, as is most everything from journalists. 
Hmm. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: hi.. 
L3top: all already installed. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlCjb6jX9Hg. 
not supposed to profit. 
i tried changing the word example and removing the # and it doesnt work :P . 
04[12Automsg04] If you are having problems with Essentials it's a good idea to check your server log for errors, if you can't understand it, pastebin the startup log and errors so we can see.. 
this. 
Xyerohour: dj mcgranaman- 8static 29 | may12 - length 4m 16s - 13 likes, 1 dislikes - 295 views - kozue255 on 2012.05.23. 
1000x. 
this. 
it's AMATEUR radio.... 
8[Trusted] crazyclara: Hi. 
yay sorted my problem, multivers had a scheduler with 1 tick killing my permissins. I now know how to do schedules :). 
it ranks right up there with the guy from wired.com who said high frequency trading was going to grow and consume all the power from the power grid until the sun supernova'd and destroyed all of humanity. 
iSeven77: paste your config. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: hey clara*. 
H_H_Holmes: created with cryptsetup, that sda2. 
johnnyonflame: check that you have that arm-eabi-gcc in there. 
6[Donator] coollew3: ok. 
kk :P. 
8[Trusted] crazyclara: :). 
So I should put all those permissions in groups.yml in /worlds/world?. 
but cannot spell.... 
3.0.0-17-generic #30-Ubuntu SMP Thu Mar 8 17:34:21 UTC 2012 i686 athlon i386 GNU/Linux. 
Anyone seen this and resolved it: Firefox has detected that the server is redirecting the request for this address in a way that will never complete.. 
its xbmc-ubuntu though. 
same instructions I followed from a (now gone) weblog from 2009. 
soft_: then add that in /etc/rc.local   above the exit 0 line.... 
8[Trusted] crazyclara: Do you have any dimond?. 
frogzoo: there is no quotation including 'genius' present at that page. 
anyone. 
Veinlockx: yes, thats how it should work. 
????. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: sorry i cant give. 
8[Trusted] tildasoderlund00: :D. 
nsadmin: but dead eagles etc sells for quite a bit. 
.cfg. 
uhhhh. 
.config: 03Default config.yml @ 12http://wiki.ess3.net/cfg. 
.config: 03Located at: plugins/Essentials/config.yml. 
amagee: apt-cache policy fglrx-amdcccle | grep -i installed. 
er. 
8[Trusted] crazyclara: Okey :(. 
.gmcfg. 
.gmconfig: 12http://wiki.ess3.net/wiki/Group_Manager/Config. 
but it;'s basically xbmc eden installed over ubuntu. 
meh. 
sam, locate still tells me that there is no arm-eabi-gcc. 
I think I still perfer C# to java however ;). 
PervertedMonk, so thats an 11.04 base. 
second link shows how to set them up. 
now that I have a full-eng build complete, how do I run it in the emulator >_>. 
hi guys, I love the fact that the i855gm graphics chip is properly supported in 12.04 LTS, thanks!. 
johnnyonflame: locate only knows what was on your disk the last time updatedb was run. 
he said he had been covering HFT for years ... and wanted me to explain basic supply and demand to him. 
escott, yea i think so. 
PervertedMonk, can you verify that /media is empty by running ls -l /media?. 
L3top:   Installed: (none). 
I even prefer C++ to Java. :/. 
and didya?. 
there is a good chance of HFT triggering a global economic crisis. 
makes sense. 
V6ser: I know it isn't much more than 'insert unicorn into wallpaper B' but do you like it? lol. 
escott: yes it's empty. 
dino-: The order depends on whether you are running LVM on LUKS or running LUKS on LVM.. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: O_o?. 
hm, maybe I don't know what's going on in this wiki page, it goes on to do luksFormat on one of the LVs. 
do they eat the eagles?. 
Its been too long since I had to do c++ just thinking about the management gives me cold shivers. 
"find directory -name arm-eabi-gcc". 
yes ... and magically ... my explanation never appeared on wired.com in public ... it was censored ... then the guy was demoted to some other department. 
6[Donator] coollew3: wow. 
yes. 
Management? What management?. 
See that's what I did, and I was having issues with my perms working. 
ok. 
either encrypt everything or notihing btw. 
PervertedMonk, ok. do you have an entries in fstab referencing sdb1. 
wewt.. 
memory. 
Yello :3. 
partial encryption is sort of useless. 
So I came here and another guy told me that I shouldn't put permissions in that file.. 
XD!. 
EpicBurak hit the ground too hard. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: lol. 
i wasn't the only one that told him the article was crap tho ... about 80% of the other posters did as well. 
Oh. I just use shared_ptr which does all that for me. :P. 
NTinNJ: 1) no 2) it would not make sense at any level, they contain different things, were written in different languages, and even the parts that aren't were for different CPUs and systems, so really, no chance at all. 
I don't even know how to put a resized unicorn on a wallpaper lol. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: can someone tele me to matt. 
AmbushReality, . 
:(. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: i died. 
:D. 
.log. 
XD. 
stuff them and display in their lodge etc. 
celticminstrel: the arrows are flying out of my head xDD backwards xD. 
Now i gotta go back and fix it -_- lol.  Thanks necro. 
I have /boot unencrypted.. 
amagee: hmmm... I would try installing that. (me wonders how you got the updates without specifying...). 
Though when you last used it that probably didn't exist…. 
Troll face. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: ryhan. 
delete your player file. 
Trolololol. 
bonus point if the eagle is near extinction. 
remove the "players" folder. 
yep.. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: can u tp me to mat. 
But boot isn't your stuff. It's relatively static, non-personal business.. 
frogzoo: didn't it already?. 
then start server. 
so how can I negate a vector?. 
http://pastie.org/4138245 <this is my config.yml. 
sam, Still tells nothing. 
(you will lose your inventory and position though). 
15[Default] EpicBurak: ty. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: is there any command for see what player mined etc?. 
So where do dead eagles sell, just to be snoopy.. 
p000ison2: That sounds like a cool mod!. 
I don't even think /boot can be feasibly encrypted. :P. 
frogzoo, HFT itself would never trigger a global crisis. 
like turn it in the other direction. 
have fun when someone replaces your kernel with one with a keylogger. 
I didn't either, til I tried. 
But I'm not an expert, etc.. 
jstjohn: it can. 
reisio: no, that was more CDOs. 
6[Donator] coollew3: cant u use hawk tool?. 
p000ison2: For starters, try replacing 1 with -1 in the cross product.. 
only experimenting with vectors xD. 
hi all. i have consolekit and polkit installed but, when i plug as usb drive, the system does not log anything. what am i missing? thanks. 
After deciding I hated Bluewall wallpapers. 
johnnyonflame: then really that project you're trying to build needs an update. 
where do i find that file. 
jstjohn: it is actually fairly easy. 
escott: just /dev/sda1 and /dev/sda5. 
times the point by -1?. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: mined*. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: mat. 
6[Donator] coollew3: ah. 
one is the ext4 partition and the other the swap. 
There should also be a .negate() function.. 
Hawk eye. 
15[Default] Matspet00: mhm. 
jstjohn: you can eg have a usb key to unlock it. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: can u give me some. 
cmnky: sure it could, if all the models triggered "sell" simultaneously. 
frogzoo, reckless management of finances is what triggers crisis ... not the frequency at which one conducts transactions. 
NTinNJ: #2 is *theoretically* possible. 
it has a few reasons to use such binaries. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: uhm. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: fench. 
Ah. 
Lol. 
iSeven77: what is the error you get. 
eagles concerts. 
in the world folder, under players. 
k ^^. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: give me few fenches. 
15[Default] Matspet00: fench?. 
MOOSE. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: and torches. 
but I might be doing something wrong. 
15[Default] Matspet00: okk. 
He's newbie. 
haha. 
somewhere a bit below "making an Alcubierre drive", though. 
Wow. 
Smart. 
thx. 
But never entered here anymore.... 
15[Default] Matspet00: was it that?. 
so should I just delete everything in globalgroups?. 
How do I install windows 7 without deleting arch/grub? I think windows 7 has its own bootloader that I need to chain to grub, is that right?. 
p_l: haha, qemu + winelib?. 
frogzoo, why would "all the models" do that ... when every model operates on a different time frame, using different rules. 
i dont get any error it just doesnt charge for /home . 
escott: note that I have never changed antyhing in /etc/fstab. 
and I need to sell my Galaxy Nexus. 
sam113101: just install it on some new partition. 
i want it to charge some $ for commands. 
hi. 
frogzoo, and besides ... circuit breakers were put in place since the last crisis. 
meh. 
sam: he asked for *conversion* :P. 
KhasMek: SQUIRREL. 
turing equivalence et al. 
I can't keep with 2 :Þ. 
escott: and it was working fine for about two months. 
sam113101: then afterwards reinstall your bootloader to mbr. 
the markets will close if the quotes dry up. 
I'm sure you believe that. 
:O. 
You'll probably want to put .negate() after .normalize(), I think? But only for one of the two arrows. (eg with .negate() for left and without for right… or maybe it's the other way around.). 
iSeven77: you havent told it to charge for home. 
L3top: How can I tell if 3D on my card is working properly?. 
Thanks for the input guys, I don't understand why it doesn't work unless it is just a scam.. 
Joe Walsh would not take too kindly to being considered dead... besides, he's a ham. 
Lovecraft: mostly black market. 
Anyone who uses johntheripper could take some minutes to help me, please?. 
im sure you believe its the devil incarnate ... its okay ... we all cling to some amount of belief. 
ok. 
iSeven77: you told it to charge for /kit tools. 
i think the arch grub conf file has a ready made windows option commented out too. 
unless you are in countries that doesn't care ofcourse. 
but please goto wikipedia and read about all the positive benefits that high frequency trading provides. 
you could (actually) also use the windows bootloader to start arch, but yeah I'd go for grub. 
so its something like this   home : $100 . 
http://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/intrepid/man4/radeon.4.html does show that I should be set right. 
.first > funnyfingers. 
funnyfingers: Please disable or delete all plugins and switch to the default theme (Twenty Ten since 3.0). After making these changes does the problem still occur? If no, re-enable everything one by one to see which component causes the problem.. 
or just home : 100. 
k there is no negate method. 
well you get polio from swimming in shit. 
even if you manage to turn a .exe onto a .pkg by using some crazy wine magic, it is probably not going to give you any decent performance. 
*6+-. 
which can be prevented. 
i am just. 
hi. 
sytone: shared_ptr, unique_ptr, and move semantics remove almost all need for manual memory management in C++. 
in awe. 
by sanitation. 
home: 100. 
also .. please learn the difference between "high frequency trading" and "flash trading" ... as its flash trading that is the real downer. 
and replace 1 with -1 doesnt change anything. 
hey. 
so memeistic sanitation. 
15[Default] Matspet00: erpic. 
15[Default] Matspet00: epic. 
actually, Alcubierre drive afaik only needed stupidly insane amounts of energy, because it's not computational stuff that has nice things like halting problem ;). 
Which event represents an item being used?. 
15[Default] Matspet00: when ur done wth that. 
15[Default] Matspet00: protect this signs. 
bjrohan: glxinfo | grep -i 'direct rendering'. 
(right-clicking). 
to prevent the accidential or intentional spread. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: cant. 
Look in the API, p000ison2. There's probably something somewhere in there that does a negate.. 
15[Default] Matspet00: kk. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: idk how to. 
is it the EntityInteractEvent?. 
Who would want to buy one, I wonder?. 
how come I can put my whole name in SYNIRC but not here. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: need to ask a admin. 
so, welcome to "faster than light space travel science". 
15[Default] Matspet00: hi cookie. 
All this program is supposed to do is give me the Longitude and Latitude coordinates of anyone who sends me a text / SMS message.. 
15[Default] Matspet00: :D. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: to protect ground. 
PlayerInteractEvent. 
ernierock: yeah for testing. 
scam. 
cmnky: only because the traders are men. 
mmm let me try :P i have to completely stop server right ?. 
bjrohan@bjrohan-MM061:~$ bjrohan: glxinfo | grep -i 'direct rendering'. 
like most such offers. 
bjrohan:: command not found. 
6[Donator] coollew3: gm. 
hmm. 
6[Donator] coollew3: oops. 
when i play minecraft free version and click fast my mouse opens what Esc should open. 
like all commerce, there is certainly a need for some amount of sane regulation ... but burning it at the stake because its a witch ... is ignorant. 
14[crazyclara disconnected]. 
Tarrlok has a sexy sexy voice. 
... 
afk, Opera time. 
:-(. 
14[Tree connected]. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: rhyan. 
does the PlayerInteractEvent work with everything?. 
Hey. 
also i have Vault.jar that shouldnt matter or does it ?. 
Where .getAction() is one of the two AIR options.. 
you can do /essentials reload. 
15[Default] Matspet00: COKKIE. 
14[tildasoderlund00 disconnected]. 
PervertedMonk, maybe a polkitd issue. verify polkitd is running with ps aux | grep polkitd. you can also check what actions are allowed with pkaction -v | grep -C 5 udisk. 
15[Default] Matspet00: what are u doing. 
shouldnt matter. 
thinking of killing eagles for fun and profit?!. 
like if i would rightclick with a bone on the ground. 
doc-bot I am looking at this from an admin point of view and don't know word press specifically nor do I have the admin login through the web interface.  Can I edit some files, move some files from the shell to accomplish this?. 
soft_: you don't strictly need the sudo in the command as all commands there will run as root. 
p_l: Do you KNOW that it is not possible, or are you thinking it is not possible?. 
14[Tree disconnected]. 
Hi.. 
04[12Automsg04] YapaYapDIE: If you have a question, please just ask it in the channel and wait for a reply.. 
would the event be called?. 
kk thanks let me try :). 
I only get the direction of the player. 
Yes.. 
YapaYapDIE: ask. 
14[york09 connected]. 
you click too fast :P. 
ok thank you :). 
It's also called if you step on a pressure plate.. 
no prob. 
ass pressure. 
 celticminstrel:maybe multiply by -1? xD. 
and what if you rightclick with air?. 
aka PHYSICAL. 
bjrohan: use apt-file to find the package that provides it. 
probably mesa-utils or the like. 
 ernierock: you can select a action. 
When I started my server , I Got "error: null" when I type a command (ex.) /kick. 
ernierock: iirc the client never even tells the server it did that so no event is fired. 
hi. 
like leftclickair. 
Man, I should install GIMP and do a kickass wallpaper. 
wait, burning witches is ignorant?. 
15[Default] Matspet00: wtf. 
and ... fyi ... read about the dutch tulip mania ... there were no computers around then. 
p000ison2: Does multiply return a vector?. 
or something like this. 
ow good to know Amaranth. 
We have the action for it because it used to do so. 
ok i installed fglrx-amdcccle and then fglrx-amdcccle-updates. 
nono, we're jumping past killing them, first let's create a market. 
3D is not going to work "properly" on your chipset. It will work in a limited capacity... It will work "ok" assuming your settings are correct. You can apt-get install mesa-utils and run glxgears. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: checking chests. 
http://avatar.wikia.com/wiki/Dee_Bradley_Baker. 
system restart required, apparetnly.. brb. 
xyerohour has a sexy voice. 
15[Default] Matspet00: oh ok. 
[16:29:18] <rymate1234> !stats. 
[16:29:18] <rymate1234> [Rymate-Bot] I have currently learnt 14641 lines!. 
15[Default] Matspet00: lol. 
that's a lie. 
computers, dutchites, same thing. 
:c. 
YapaYapDIE: error: null? that sounds like a config error. 
15[Default] Matspet00: dont got any good stuff. 
bjrohan: ^. 
yep. 
6[Donator] coollew3: every1's chests?. 
14[EpicBurak disconnected]. 
But I know at least one of the actions never fires, perhaps two. 
argh what the hell... why is emulator not in the path after make. 
i've already runned the  gui. 
YapaYapDIE: can you give your startup log?. 
.newlog. 
.newlog: 3Stop your server, move your server.log out of the craftbukkit directory. Start your server, let it load completely, then stop it. A new server.log will be created, please upload it to 12http://pastie.org 03or 12http://pastebin.com 3and post the link in the channel.. 
15[Default] york09: mrcookie grief here. 
14[EpicBurak connected]. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: ?. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: where. 
NTinNJ: with high confidence level I state my answer. 
15[Default] Matspet00: no hes a dick and anoy me. 
15[Default] york09: hole in the wall. 
15[Default] Matspet00: :3. 
Did it just activate itself?. 
In the US there is no market for eagles, and the only people that are allowed to own any eagle artifacts are native americans.. 
And it takes a number?. 
15[Default] york09: and my door i gone. 
funnyfingers: you can move the plugins out of wp-content/plugins and refresh the page to disable plugins. 
I have done a restart amagee :-). 
Amaranth: What never fires?. 
15[Default] york09: radom dirt. 
yup. 
ok, fair enough, thanks for the input.. 
Okay, then yes.. 
15[Default] york09: radom holes. 
wat. 
??. 
no. 
Lovecraft: there is a huge black market. 
celticminstrel: one of the PlayerInteractEvent actions. 
XD. 
its not working Necrodoom :P it might be cause i have essentials 2.9.2.3 ?. 
04[12Automsg04] If you are having problems with Essentials it's a good idea to check your server log for errors, if you can't understand it, pastebin the startup log and errors so we can see.. 
Oh.. 
bullshit. 
I dunno, certainly meant there were very few claims of clerical rape. 
but you can't reactivate without admin funnyfingers. 
I have to manually control it. 
nop. 
15[Default] Matspet00: does sommone need a house?. 
Sorry but I know a easier way to fix that problem. Copy the groups.yml , paste it into a YML Parser (http://yaml-online-parser.appspot.com/) , then do the same for the other GroupManager and Essentials files.. 
hello. 
get admin. 
15[Default] york09: radom chest. 
Which one? Interact with air?. 
sorry bjrohan... the line above... amagee was also restarting. 
iSeven77: first off, use 2.9.2.5. 
paoching on endangered spieces in the US is a big problem. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: mat. 
anyone here. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: i put all your items in chest. 
You get caught, there is a huge fine and significant jail time.. 
poaching*. 
on topic ##linux is on topic. 
that's fine. 
15[Default] Matspet00: why did u remove this. 
For some reason there is a title attribute in my nav and i don't know how to get rid of it. Advice?. 
gotcha :-). 
15[Default] EpicBurak: i need to replace the floor. 
ok great the event is exactly what I needed. 
thanks guys :). 
how do i configure custom nodes in custom_nodes.yml? I haven't been able to find a sample.... 
iSeven77: second, you have other errors in your config. 
black markets come into being when some govt restricts something. 
I got one problem that really annoys me on unity.  Is there any way to stop a window's title bar merging with the panel when maximised?. 
15[Default] york09: hey. 
Lovecraft: the chance of getting cought is next to zero. 
yes hey. 
15[Default] Matspet00: oh i se. 
YapaYapDIE: theres a better way. 
6[Donator] coollew3: hi. 
Left click air that is.. 
not-op not-op is not-op. 
.yml. 
Syntax: yaml [g|p|b][groups|users] <url> - Uses http://wiki.ess3.net/yaml/. 
+build. 
It's giving me an error when I validate my website because of it.. 
Essentials pre-release build 122.9.2.502 (17-Jun-2012 16:55 UTC): http://tiny.cc/EssentialsPre. 
Essentials recommended build 122.9.102 (30-Mar-2012 01:57 UTC): http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/essentials/. 
CraftBukkit recommended build 12222202 (2012-06-10 01:08:56): http://dl.bukkit.org/downloads/craftbukkit/list/rb/. 
oh craps :P . 
There is no market in the US anywhere for eagles.. 
celticminstrel: I don't know. 
riolu447, nobody knows. 
what was that all about?.... 
Um, okay then!. 
I don't rly need air I was just wondering if rightclicking while holding air fires something. 
mmmm, clerical rape. 
15[Default] Matspet00: york. 
YapaYapDIE: and besides, the server.log pinpoints the damaged file. 
Nah , the YML parser i put is better.. 
15[Default] Matspet00: need a house?. 
15[Default] york09: yes. 
YapaYapDIE: instead of checking them all. 
You can't hold air.. 
It does?. 
In the US there is no market for eagles, and the only people that are allowed to own any eagle artifacts are native americans. << To reiterate.. 
15[Default] york09: cookie kan you fix it. 
YapaYapDIE: yes. 
14[BUBBLES_Josh connected]. 
ya my mouse opens what Esc should so i try changing mouse settings (comp) (mine). 
That's a "feature" lea102... I believe you will want to turn off... sticky edges perhaps... I am not sure to be honest.. 
 celticminstrel: k no one is flying a bit up and the other is flying left. 
... Meh.. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: fixed most. 
15[Default] Matspet00: bubbles. 
yeah the wiki says that having air would crash your client.. 
15[Default] Matspet00: need a house?. 
Lovecraft: by that logic there is no market for drugs either. 
nothing worked. 
BOO.. 
escott: http://pastebin.com/g1zMWeAm. 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           . 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           . 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           . 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           . 
PervertedMonk: Please don't flood; use http://paste.ubuntu.com to paste; don't use Enter as punctuation.. 
lorenx: udisks?. 
p000ison2: Let me see?. 
http://lifehacker.com/5887462/how-to-disable-ubuntus-annoying-global-menu-bar. 
Thats not logic, thats the truth.. 
Hello?. 
do we know why it would crash it?. 
AllStruck how about the theme?  moved plugins to plugins.bak and still in that redirect loop. 
escott: http://pastebin.com/g1zMWeAm. 
reisio I did that already. 
and there is no thievery, sex trade, human traficing etc either. 
ernierock: That's right. Maybe that's been fixed in the snapshots though.. 
DOH.. 
ZekeS: seems i got both udisks and usidks2. 
so, please do the .newlog. 
I wanna make Rymate-Bot web based. 
*udisks2. 
L3top: How do I use the mesa-utils (they are already installed) and run glxgears?. 
dunno the wiki says that I don't know the reason.. 
KhasMek, cunt. 
lea102: done. 
because, you know, it is not legal. 
Not even related.. 
companyhen_: there is a title attribute on the menu items in the source? on the LI or the A or what?. 
allways?. 
Is it even a bug?. 
TheDeadCPU:. 
http://pastebin.com/THUse5wk. 
*always. 
NEcrodoom how do i check for errors ? paste it in that online parser link ?. 
reisio: the title bar is still merging with global menu. 
PM. 
had to push shit to gerrit first :D. 
companyhen_: you could change themes or edit your theme if so.... 
[Jun 23@10:53:32am] celticminstrel: useruser3: Is the world also within the app bundle?. 
lol. 
[Jun 23@10:53:52am] celticminstrel: I think it'd be better to throw it in Application Support or something.. 
There is no market in the US anywhere for eagles.. 
iSeven77: i can see at your paste. 
iSeven77: indenting errors. 
Unlike drugs and whatever.. 
resio: although the window menu bar is fine now. 
fu. 
Just_Reboot: http://twitter.com/V6ser/status/216554220470538243/photo/1/large. 
Dazzozo, only works in #rymate. 
I have a pentium d system@2.6Ghz with 1Gb RAM, and anytime it launches an app, the %wa goes up to 90% and %si hits around 5%, and takes 30-40 seconds for apps to come up. This is a semi-fresh 11.10 install. any ideas on where i should look for probelms?. 
iSeven77: at group formats. 
Nope that's why I was confused... 
managed to get it working celticminstrel. uploading a video ^_^. 
it it wasn't, people wouldn't be poaching them. 
If you would like to fire something while holding "air" you could prob just check if item == null so I don't think its too big of a deal anyways.. 
alot ? or 1 or 2 ?. 
hello, i really need some help recovering a lvm partition.. fdisk -l lists the hard drives but says Disk /dev/mapper/<disk> doesn't contain a valid partition table.. can anyone point me to the right direction on what to do next? I'm a little scared to run commands i randomly find on google as I might destroy the harddisk further. Or should I take another direction in rescueing this data?. 
oh. 
there wasn't*. 
and yea its self contained. 
funnyfingers: I'm not sure if you can do the same with themes or not…. 
bjrohan: type glxgears. 
ya my mouse opens what Esc should so i try changing mouse settings (comp) (mine) nothing worked. 
[16:33:43] <rymate1234> !converse pizza. 
[16:33:43] <rymate1234> [Rymate-Bot] have a color-next pizza box in my <menu> element.. 
I did, it worked. 
15[Default] york09: food. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: :O. 
tadaaaaa. 
So where are they poaching them? Statistics?. 
line them up with the #'d lines. 
L3top: It showed me gears working, yippee. 
PervertedMonk, im not sure what is going on here. that looks alright and if polkitd is running, and dbus is running then udisks should be able to connect to it.. 
on next looparound of this discussion, fork, allocate 5000 braincells, recurse.. 
then repaste your config. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. 
lorenx: if you have one of those it will happily do actions when asked; if you want to automount you need to install a udisks wrapper. 
L3top: So it is working as best it could then?. 
.... 
15[Default] york09: 7spawn. 
check wiki :p. 
We have eagles around here.. 
Yeah, it's generally not a good idea to include stuff in the app bundle that's going to be changed.. 
bjrohan: glxinfo | grep -i 'direct rendering'. 
Correct bjrohan. 
companyhen_: where are you validating? and can you give me the link to the validator and your site so I can see?. 
Hello. 
ya my mouse opens what Esc should so i try changing mouse settings (comp) (mine) nothing worked. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: what. 
btw i bought the theme :\. 
6[Donator] coollew3: the hell happened here?. 
oh?. 
no spamming please. 
You can't even legally pick up a dead eagle and keep it.. 
frogzoo, im a big proponent of "data driven policy" ... so if someone comes up with some actual data, after extensive analysis, that recommends "hey, large banks with more than X amount of capital, should be limited to Y amount in any single position" .. then im all for it. 
reisio:. 
bjrohan@bjrohan-MM061:~$ glxinfo | grep -i 'direct rendering'. 
r300: DRM version: 2.12.0, Name: ATI RV515, ID: 0x7145, GB: 1, Z: 1. 
r300: GART size: 509 MB, VRAM size: 128 MB. 
http://www.fws.gov/pacific/news/news.cfm?id=2144374801. 
its going to be empty when downloaded apart from the bukkit jar. 
r300: AA compression RAM: YES, Z compression RAM: YES, HiZ RAM: YES. 
one example. 
direct rendering: Yes. 
bjrohan: Please don't flood; use http://paste.ubuntu.com to paste; don't use Enter as punctuation.. 
vlvfallenking, i'm sorry, but that doesn't make much sense. 
reisio: Why did it say it wasn't working a few minutes ago?. 
AllStruck and as another thing to this if this will help, I have this as a reverse proxy from a light apache to an apache on localhost with mod_php this works perfectly fine with Joomla SEF and Drupal.. 
so what should i do. 
:C. 
bjrohan: maybe it wasn't working a few minutes ago. 
escott: its worrying. I plug the  HDD in to my  windows machine and it's all good. 
reisio: it is really annoying because I could not minimize, maximize without touching the gnome panel. 
ZekeS: do you mean something like udiskie?. 
http://www.lakotacountrytimes.com/news/2009-03-19/local_news/057.html. 
I use $defaults = array( 'container' => 'nav', 'container_class' => false); wp_nav_menu( $defaults ); and still i get no nav tag as menu tag. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: ?/. 
any idea what goes wrong?. 
im trying to setup exroot, but i cant get fstab to mount on boot. i have tryd so many options now that im lost. http://pastebin.com/5Mf2hscw. 
So many sexy voices. 
For starters, if an administrator puts the app bundle in /Applications, and then another user launches the app bundle, they won't be able to use it because they don't have write permissions to /Applications.. 
distracting me. 
but to blindly wipe the entire practice off the map as a knee jerk reaction to the generally ignorant public demanding action against the witches ... will only cause more harm, and serve to protect officials jobs ... not benefit everyone. 
and I even commented out all the rewrite rules in the .htaccess file and still same problem with this wordpress.. 
15[Default] york09: donator come. 
http://www.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,1044649,00.html. 
6[Donator] coollew3: what does it do?. 
lorenx: you have it installed already don't you :|. 
thanks you very much resio & L3top. 
hey L3top -- i installed those things and rebooted.. still can't open the catalyst control centre from the menu but "amdcccle" from terminal works. 
it seems you somehow re-bound the key Esc to mouse1. 
or 2. 
It happens, but not enough to support some 'black market'.. 
can't really see anything interesting but i'm gonna head off to bed now. 
15[Default] york09: the road. 
witches are lame. 
thanks for your help though!. 
is anyone using ubermenu?. 
14[Britannia connected]. 
You legally can't go through a Stop sign without coming to a full stop, but that doesn't mean no one does it. :-P. 
_someone_ is buying them.... 
There are idiots everywhere.. 
.. 
i don't get this http://www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony/comments/vh9kj/you_forgot_something/. 
sam, Any idea on how can I get that file?. 
14[Britannia disconnected]. 
15[Default] york09: so i fix it. 
and the money will just move offshore, and the jobs and profits with it. 
nice choice!. 
ZekeS: i have udisks, not udiskie :). 
lames are witches. 
is it something obvious and my sleep deprived brain is just out there. 
There's also another argument involving code-signing, but that doesn't apply in this particular case.. 
lorenx: any wrapper, then (the wiki has a few) :p. 
i click rappidly and it opens menu i changed mouse, mouse settings for computer and minecraft and nothing worked. 
No they aren't. You can't use the parts anywhere.. 
da fuk. 
[16:36:24] <rymate1234> !converse pizza. 
[16:36:25] <rymate1234> [Rymate-Bot] the g300 is happily consuming pizza like a fatass eating it.. 
hmm, that sounds discriminatory. 
by default an account has access to that folder. and it wouldn't matter if things were in the bundle then because they couldn't start it either way. 
reisio: SHould I now be able to log into Unity 3D?. 
wouldn't it be awful if we only had our rich farmland, and no money. 
because money gravitates towards those who treat it well. 
The only use is religious.. 
Hi, I need help setting up a portfolio page with this tutorial http://wp.tutsplus.com/tutorials/creating-a-filterable-portfolio-with-wordpress-and-jquery/ I am offering money payment if you help me set up correctly. thank you. 
then again, reisio's comment was discriminatory towards witches. 
what if you click slower. 
k this is crazy... everything compiles fine and builds me nice filesystem images, but qemu doesn't get built. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: the lever is not connectid. 
failtime, i can when the rotating lights are on...or in certain other circumstances.. 
Why not?. 
Nightmare night letter?. 
you sais i need an "udisks wrapper" so i ask: do you mean something like udiskie?. 
rmc3: I have more!. 
but being discriminatory towards witches is more PC than towards lame people.. 
http://www.worldwildlife.org/what/globalmarkets/wildlifetrade/. 
yeah. 
funnyfingers: that could be the issue, not sure…. 
nazis suck. 
*said. 
celticminstrel:  its like this xD http://s14.directupload.net/images/120623/g6pqc3bs.png. 
14[assassins_kid connected]. 
https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/UDisks#UDisks. 
6[Donator] coollew3: did u brake in there?. 
Title: udev - ArchWiki (at wiki.archlinux.org). 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: help. 
14[assassins_kid disconnected]. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: no. 
.jobs > Brendan_. 
Brendan_: You can find WordPress consultants at http://jobs.wordpress.net . Please note that job advertising and seeking are strictly forbidden in this channel. Also, http://codepoet.com/ , #css-lance. 
if they don't have access to applications and its in applications it doesn't matter whats in the bundle they wont have access. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wildlife_trade#In_North_and_South_America. 
so, to enable automount i need aur?. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: the holl was ther. 
why would you want to own an eagle. 
14[laser98 connected]. 
That proves nothing.. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: move. 
okay thank you. 
probably my favorite official tweet thus far https://twitter.com/AOKP_ROM/status/216555126062718978. 
Hey brendan I'll do it! :D. 
discrimination rules. 
AllStruck: I PM'd you. 
email riosambagirl@gmail.com. 
literally. 
caho. 
6[Donator] coollew3: arrow roulette any1?. 
especially a dead one... shates of a dead parrot skit. 
wah?. 
okay sambagirl thank you. 
i was a residential electrician just before the 2007/2008 crisis ... people were borrowing way more than they could afford to pay, to buy brand new houses, custom built, never moving into them, and putting them up for sale immediately, in the hopes of making a profit ... that is the speculation that caused the crisis ... not algorithmic trading. 
chao. 
VeritableGenius: I can't say I've heard of that before, so I'll have to take your word for it, haha.. 
I'm the princess of the night. 
sorry :S i dont get it :P u say line them up with the # ?. 
Anyone have a pic of just the unicorn head?. 
Totally stuck that there are almost no custom roms for HTC Explorer except maybe JaggyROM. Man, really need CM7 for that.. 
workbean: status symbol, also collectors etc. 
lol. 
companyhen_: looking now thanks. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Back. 
Whee.. 
http://media.shinywhitebox.com/james-ix/bukkit-box-demo check it out. 
If you find a dead eagle you turn it in and it goes where it should.. 
honestly?  Google image search 'angry unicorn' it comes up on the first page. 
those same people who got stuck with a mortgage they couldnt afford ... were the ones blaming banks. 
cmnky: and who gave them all that credit?. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: why dus it not wuck. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: im gonna afk. 
Oh ok. 
transparent background even I believe. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: brb. 
Didnt know. 
lorenx: unless you want to use something like thunar in daemon mode, seems that way. 
14[EpicBurak disconnected]. 
or spacefm. 
iSeven77: nvm. just repaste your config. 
well it _is_ the american dream, after all. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: cause dispencer empty.... 
It's surprising, lol. 
Was watching pyyyour's stream on my phone, heh.. 
buy something, then sell it for more than you paid for it. 
14[laser98 disconnected]. 
XD sorry :). 
jelly-home, the ratings agencies certainly had a hand in it ... as did barney frank and friends who decided back in the 90's it was a good idea if "the poor people bought houses". 
lorenx: no. 
having said that... Lovecraft, did you say there are eagles in your area?. 
believe me I've googled the fuck out of unicorns to make walls with >.<. 
Also nethack works like a charm. 
yes. 
6[Donator] coollew3: i forgot laser was on. 
14[laser98 connected]. 
lorenx: you could use any fancy fm. 
15[Default] Matspet00: i know him lol. 
do you like watching them fly?. 
15[Default] Matspet00: brb. 
6[Donator] coollew3: we muted him. 
and the legislation that allowed investment banks to securitize mortgages, as had been common in europe, but never in the US ... and then failed to watch the results. 
user.notice fstab: e2fsck (/dev/sda2): /dev/sda2: clean, 256/125696 files, 19543/502031 blocks. 
14[limnerius connected]. 
lorenx: or use systemd/gnome-session/udev/stuff. 
PervertedMonk, you could setup a fstab entry that hardcodes the appropriate owner value. but something is evidently broken in the xbmc session or in polkit. i'm not familiar enough with either to diagnose. 
15[Default] Matspet00: can u unmute him plz. 
point taken. 
15[Default] york09: time to load it with something. 
Who thought of an angry unicorn head? lol. 
what do this mean ?. 
15[Default] Matspet00: ty. 
15[Default] laser98: BRB. 
any ideas where to start fixing a broken lvm partition? when I try to mount the lvm directly I get following error: wrong fs type, bad superblock on <partition>.. try dmesg. 
it was fail sauce all over the place. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: okay it lags alot. 
ok i'm on thr channel. 
14[Matspet00 disconnected]. 
i still don't get it. 
14[laser98 disconnected]. 
14[bird disconnected]. 
dmesg just gives me an i/O error at the end. 
that's what legislation means. 
It's a pretty thin joke.. 
stdd: try this http://www.tcpdump.com/kb/os/linux/configuring-lvm/intro.html. 
14[york09 disconnected]. 
escott: i changed this in /usr/share/polkit-1/actions/org.freedesktop.udisks.policy -> allow any to yes. 
We see them enough so its not really amazing or whatever .. they nest in the brush closeto town sometimes here .. the power poles have nesting platforms.. 
like this ? http://pastie.org/4138330. 
and it works ;p. 
H_H_Holmes: When a problem can be solved by a technical fix or by applying violence, I'd rather have the former, /regardless/ of what person proposed it.. 
Apparently princess celestia forgot that Luna was completely socially inept. 
I'd like to suggest we back off from the topic of eagles as collectables for now. 
soft_: right hurr. 
dunno if it's the correct way. 
I didn't say anything about not having access to /Applications.. 
14[Drakia connected]. 
before sending her to Ponyville for Nightmare night. 
Only about not having write access to /Applications.. 
15[Default] limnerius: a. 
violience solves anything and if it doesnt help you havent applyed enough of it. 
14[Drakia disconnected]. 
companyhen_: the problem is not the title tag… there is an open A without closing. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: what is it. 
ive been running build#26 for a few weeks and it is by far my favorite rom ever...i just found out aokp is up to build 39, so I flashed that, but i cant get it started up. it just hangs on the ICS welcome screen...any ideas?. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: what is it. 
hm, your command-cost looks fine. 
What the heck. 
failtime, you've never heard of emergency or police vehicles legally going through stop signs without stopping ?. 
Would anyone like to help me with a tutorial? I am implementing a portfolio page on a thematic child theme. I  can go on teamviewer, thank you.. 
GTFO i know i cant spell. 
oh ok. not sure theres a way of changing where bukkit reads files from is there?. 
Just saw a ton of links disappear. 
From piratebay. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: :3. 
they also go through red lights at intersections legally. 
http://madebyevan.com/webgl-path-tracing/. 
have you tried applying violence to that. 
BUBBLES_Josh was shot by arrow. 
you have something else thats overriding /home?. 
without stopping. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: bam... 
magma > violence. 
It does take command-line arguments to specify that.. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: o. 
Well my header.php seems to be proper :\. 
hm. 
wipewipe. 
they should have their emergency lights on. 
MrElendig: thanks. 
oh.what are you talking about. 
johnnyonflame: maybe an old version of the NDK... I do have it here in a July 2011 NDK checkout. 
Mandalord: thanks, running fdisk, then n says default partition number is 3.. should I still use one as described on the website or 3?. 
poor zte. 
You'll see eagle on roadkill deers and such.. 
would there be a way to find out with who you interacted when right-clicking?. 
[16:42:00] <rymate1234> !converse zte. 
[16:42:01] <rymate1234> [Rymate-Bot] #zte-crescent.. 
yes !. 
companyhen_: it could be added in a variety of ways. 
IT WORKS nao :P . 
VeritableGenius: Ah, I hadn't considered that aspect. Still, under normal circumstances, the point generally makes sense.. 
grawity not yet. 
i guess it was the version :S. 
im about to. 
that is normal. 
johnnyonflame: but that binary alone is useless to you, it requires other executables, headers and support files. 
The pirates got to them.. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: why is it a killing moshen. 
for example, when right-clicking with a feather on a player, how would you find out who you right-clickeD?. 
6[Donator] coollew3: why not?. 
p000ison2: That's with the code in the most recent pastebin?. 
arrr. 
:P THANKS so MUCH necrodoom :P nao this guys wont abuse the /home cmd :P. 
I don't think most people drive emergency vehicles.. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: weird wiring. 
so?. 
ernierock: That's a separate event: PlayerInteractEntityEvent.. 
My internet is annoying the hell out of me. 
omgers. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: I did this part down here. 
The modem keeps restarting on it's own. I have no idea why. 
ow thanks. 
celticminstrel: yup. 
sam, ndk r7 probably?. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Daley did that part up the top. 
annoy the hell out of it back. 
cant find anything useful in the logs =\. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Here. 
could be one event, no?. 
i just crashed psychonaut. 
failtime, a cop car is an emergency vehicle :). 
wat. 
VeritableGenius: where I live they have to actually have a good reason to go trough red lights legally. 
s. 
14[smajo55 connected]. 
eg being on call. 
johnnyonflame: no it's a checkout of the source code. 
doesn't really matter :). 
failtime, apparently you  missed the bigger point, though i admit it is subtle. blanket statements are usually wrong.. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: help. 
Thats for punching me earlier =\. 
gdk-pixbuf2 is required to open jp(e)g images with ristretto. Its not a dependency now. Please alert this to the maintainer.. 
essentials should be included with MC :) as an addon or something . 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Nah. 
they can't just do it because they don't want to wait. 
and, you're right, most people don't drive them. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: :3. 
:/. 
Good thing this is only the internet.. 
p000ison2: Try adding a .clone() just after each vec and see if that changes anything… I forget whether the vector operations are mutating.. 
jaseemabid: why don't you. 
VeritableGenius: Yes, that is true. I concede the point.. 
The internet is real. 
If it doesn't change anything, take it out again. <_<. 
do it!. 
Everything else is fake. 
:<. 
Annnyway.. 
hm k I will do this in about 20 mins xD. 
again THANKS and i ll check the errors for the yml . 
ZekeS, hmm.. OK!. 
Grim_Reaper: your face is fake. 
I'm sorry for le punchings.. 
awweaver pfft. 
But gtfo my bed :). 
I left your bed ages ago. 
http://imgur.com/xITf1 - Spiderat. 
However libraryaddict is in it. 
14[crazyclara connected]. 
emergency...!! doenuts ahead... berp berp ::run redlight::. 
wat.. 
<3. 
14[tildasoderlund00 connected]. 
VeritableGenius, state what your point is :) for the benefit of us nonsubtle ducks, cows and field mice. 
hi anybody can help me. 
jaseemabid: Bugs!? Arch Linux has no bugs! Oh.. wait.. https://bugs.archlinux.org. 
i got this errors. 
time to try to configure my controller with super meat boy somehow. 
dw. Im in love with another. 
Can't locate XML/Simple.pm in @INC (@INC contains: /etc/perl /usr/local/lib/perl/5.12.4 /usr/local/share/perl/5.12.4 /usr/lib/perl5 /usr/share/perl5 /usr/lib/p. 
6[Donator] coollew3: !converse arrow. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: i loved that one. 
Who seems to hate me. 
jaseemabid: or email directly. 
VbA: what causes the errors. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: -.-. 
what kind of gAME ONLY HAS SUPPORT FOR ONE CONTROLLER. 
found the git source. Will extract authors from that and mail them :). 
OH FUCK MY CAPS LOCK IS STUCK AGAIN. 
WHAT DO. 
when i running perl script. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: i dont remember that. 
VbA: have you asked in #perl too. 
6[Donator] coollew3: !converse coollew3. 
there. 
i never let eagles get on road kill deer. i take the deer home and make good use of it.. 
rymate bot does. 
how many electrons are on the Internet?. 
jaseemabid: err, isn't it a packaging bug if libjpeg dep is missing?. 
a lot. 
archlinux.org/packages will tell you who the maintainer is. 
ive wiped about 6 times...=(. 
not yet sir. 
rymate bot remembers everything!. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: lol?. 
like.. a lot * a lot?. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: it dot wuck. 
14[Kladdig01 connected]. 
dav1d: You running MC on Linux via wine or something?. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: :3. 
i wipe data, cache, dalvik, about 3 times each. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: :D. 
VbA: i suggest it, they may have a cheeky fix :). 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Shot like a baws. 
When I try to follow this tutorial, no images appear on portfolio page. Also, links aren't set up correctly. Any ideas? http://wp.tutsplus.com/tutorials/creating-a-filterable-portfolio-with-wordpress-and-jquery/. 
nopers, more than you can shake a stick at. 
mastercode: looks like fsck output indicating that the block device at /dev/sda2 is clean :) though I don't know what the fractions indicate. You could probably UTFG/RTFM, though :D. 
wowzie!. 
i will sir, thanks. 
then i install zip from sd card and pick build 39. 
or I could... but I'm not the one with the question.. 
6[Donator] coollew3: !converse coollew3. 
jaseemabid: gdk-pixbuf2 is a indirect dep already though. 
how do i know if i am defocusing properly?. 
Ermm. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: weird. 
i can get to the first welcome screen but its all laggy and wont get past the first screen. 
muraii: no. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Heh. 
sit back, breathe in love. 
celticminstrel: k now both are flying out of my left sde. 
side*. 
6[Donator] coollew3: so how do u actually do that?. 
my wife and kids already  left, my boss fired me , and the bills are piling up but im still not sure if im doing it right. 
Good.. 
#archlinux. 
but Im now a bit afk sry see ya. 
muraii: I opened my minecraft.jar with file-roller and double-clicked on a .png, that opened me wine. 
14[EpicBurak connected]. 
I think you just need to fix a corrupted super block  I'm not sure what disk you have problem but http://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/recover-bad-superblock-from-corrupted-partition/. 
jaseemabid: https://gist.github.com/2978745. 
Title: stdin Gist (at gist.github.com). 
MrElendig, Sowhow, I had a machine without that package but with ris*** installed. So, this can be lead to a bug... 
15[Default] EpicBurak: im back. 
i suppose the correctness or accuracy of the preposition "on" could be debated wrt your question, so i took your question to mean how many are involved in sustaining the operability and functioning of the internet. nopers. 
MrElendig, Are you a mintainer ?. 
sacarlson: I tried looking for backup superblocks, tried all of them, but none of them worked. (short-read error). 
no. 
MrElendig, Are you a maintainer ?. 
kk. 
L3top: and reisio THANK YOU THANK YOU, I can log into Unity 3D and it worked, my Cairo dock also works.!. 
15[Default] EpicBurak: wtf is rymate bot. 
6[Donator] coollew3: !converse shot. 
VeritableGenius: i dunno. 
have you used -dd with pacman?. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: how do i get it. 
nopers, doing what right ?  ambiguous pronominal references are ambiguous.. 
would it work better if i flashed milestone5, then tried to rename build 39 to update.zip, and run it as an update in clockwork?. 
MrElendig, hmm, this can lead to errors, because it did in my case. Any issues in adding an extra dependency ?. 
how ambiguous?. 
doesnt matter. 
stdd: well if more than 3 supper blocks fail I guess you broke it?. 
yes. 
installing formats /system. 
MrElendig, No!. 
14[EpicBurak disconnected]. 
Dodongo dislikes a deterrent. 
ic. 
sacarlson: thats gotta take some talent. 
ic. 
the question is how you managed to install it without it being pulled. 
6[Donator] coollew3: mrcookie how do i do that?. 
i need more clarification for what is ambiguous. 
did you try data wipe?. 
1converse turtles#. 
that. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: fail. 
back up all your apps and data with tibu. 
BUBBLES_Josh was shot by arrow. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: double fail. 
i dont get it. 
fuc. 
sux 2 b u. 
14[EpicBurak connected]. 
Yeah, thats what im wondering now. 
then boot recovery, wipe data, wipe dalvik. 
(specifically, dep path = ristretto -> libxfce4ui -> gtk2 -> gtk-update-icon-cache -> gdk-pixbuf2). 
yeah i wipe data/factory then cache then dalvik then do it again 3 times. 
thats terrible to say. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: :3. 
14[smajo55 disconnected]. 
ActionParsnip: to break stuff?  I an expert at breaking stuf  me >>talented<<. 
what if i said sux 2 b u 2 ?. 
6[Donator] coollew3: !converse mineturtles. 
hi. 
that's similar to the question of, if you lay french fries end to end, how many would it take to reach the moon, assumming someone doesn't eat em first. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: rymates secrets. 
14[smajo55 connected]. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Oooooooo. 
42. 
but when i wipe dalvik it says E:unknown volume for path [/sd-ext]. 
or more importantly would the french take over the moon since we used french fries. 
which device. 
pactree needs a feature to draw a partial tree too :/. 
hi, ive built myself an android app using c++.  im trying to figure out now how to start another app that is already installed on the device and pass it args like argc and argv.  is this possible?. 
VeritableGenius, 42 electrons.. 
maybe I should add it. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: XD. 
sacarlson: how do you mean i broke it? it was an idle-file server i didn't do anything with.. the latest backup is a few days old and i really need the new data i put on there... this morning it was running fine, then suddenly it stopped working :/. 
evo 4g (supersonic). 
nopers, nah, the US switched over to freedom fries. 
theres 42 electrons in a frenchfry?. 
MrElendig, +1 for that. Need a tree option. 
close enough. 
14[rytigo connected]. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: it is epte. 
is there any way to recover (maybe just part) of the data?. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: I dont remember cyrus saying that to me. 
err sorry wrong nick :). 
I use $defaults = array( 'container' => 'nav', 'container_class' => false); wp_nav_menu( $defaults ); and still i get no nav tag as menu tag. 
is that 1 frole?. 
pactree already prints a tree. 
any idea what goes wrong?. 
lol. 
hello anyonehere. 
6[Donator] coollew3: hey mrcookie mind if i shoot baubles?. 
Kladdig01 starved to death. 
???. 
wait.. pacTREE draws a TREE?!. 
plz. 
if you want it to be. 
6[Donator] coollew3: bubbles?. 
me. 
MY MIND HAS BEEN BLOWN. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: ??. 
what I ment was for it to only draw the tree between a and b. 
ok. 
14[EpicBurak disconnected]. 
ur the veritable genius u tell me. 
giantpune: apps don't have argc/agv only ndk api's. 
nopers, yes,,, and therefore it takes one french fry to run the internet. 
derp. 
pactree somepackage --path-to somedep. 
rcs10, its a bot. 
i just did. 
derpinus. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: -.-. 
when i install build 39 from zip it goes really really fast for some reason, but if i use rom manager it takes awhile like all the other roms. 
giantpune: read up on ndk. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: kill me. 
i deleted the players file but it still doesnt work. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: :3. 
and it would only print that path, instead of the full tree :). 
im digging through the included docs now. 
stop feeding him. 
[17:45] * libraryaddict whispers "But for you, I will cheat on him". 
giantpune: is that app C++ as well? what have you tried so far? did you try execve() or system()?. 
mmm. 
that'd be kind of neat. 
falconindy: I always thought it drawing pies. 
Are you a girl or a guy :o. 
whats the event for a mob hitting a player?. 
do you know wat im talking about. 
guy.. 
BUBBLES_Josh was shot by coollew3. 
there's a lot that we could do if we calculated the tree entirely in memory before printing it. 
stdd: full forensic recover is where you do a dd dump of the image on the disk then work on that to recover so you don't break the original. 
EntityDamageEvent doesn't seem suitable. 
Ahh oky :3. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: ?. 
yes. 
any idea why http://www.customizedparts.com/wp-login.php redirects to hyebiz.com ?  I've update siteurl and home to customizedparts.com already. 
do you remember me. 
The time for pretending to be a girl was long ago. 
ok. 
lol. 
your server. 
nice. 
but we don't do that right now. 
O_O. 
internet off, world gone weird. 
np bjrohan :) Glad you are working.. 
bout a min long ago. 
Is no one here watching Korra/. 
:oo. 
lol. 
Just_Reboot - :Þ. 
?. 
indeed. 
https://twitter.com/V6ser/status/216559303400767489. 
For some odd reason... this wallpaper looks pretty cool.. 
hey cutee. 
could it be that im flashing the wrong gapps?. 
stdd: it depends on the value of the stuf on the disk how much effort to put into recovery. 
And I just mad eit. 
lol. 
nomore french fries for you!. 
but i still don't get how it could happen. 
btw i have to port forward every time i login. 
it's just so..... 
but sending pizza via internet is a significant advancement in technology and food services. 
weird. 
should rewrite it in haskell too!. 
hehehehehe. 
ow nvm. 
i know. 
the app im trying to launch is a java app.  basically im wanting to use the c++ i wrote to browse to a movie or photo and have it open in the video player or image viewer. 
i watched the first episode then fell behind. 
Another satisfied customer! NEXT!. 
I have dynmap on my server. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: :P. 
20120429 is the gapps version im flashing. 
EntityDamageByEntityEvent :D. 
well.. i'd certainly be willing to pay something to the person who helps me recover the data. 
V6ser: lmao. 
Kladdig01 blew up. 
https://bbs.archlinux.org/viewtopic.php?id=143011. 
yeah just like the fax a cat revolutionzied communications. 
Title: [SOLVED]I cant open .jpg file and Python2 dont work (Page 1) / Applications & Desktop Environments / Arch Linux Forums (at bbs.archlinux.org). 
i'm afraid your world is lost :(  for MP. 
BUBBLES_Josh burned to death. 
try a filtered search =P. 
I'd add a !toofishes. 
:3. 
really=(. 
giantpune: use the ndk to bring it into dalvik space and work from java there. 
i lost power and ever since my server wont work. I started a completely new map and reset the whole server but its still not working. my ports are forwarded and my ip hasnt changed. can anyone help me?. 
jim_m: doesn't redirect me, maybe it's your cache?. 
nooooooooooooooooooooooh!!!. 
giantpune: that's the android way to do it. 
BUBBLES_Josh was shot by coollew3. 
bam. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Afk. 
if you know what i mean.... 
14[dobby connected]. 
14[~Rhyan disconnected]. 
I'm up. 
you could try and generate the same world, using the same seed and then using a map editor to move the buildings to the new map. 
giantpune: use you c++ as helpers to a java app basically. 
yout*. 
BUBBLES_Josh burned to death. 
ok.  ill take a peak at that. 
your**. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: LEARN MORE. 
thanks. 
@Ethan what is the problem, could you be more clear?. 
no, no we dont know what you mean. 
oh it will MrCookie . 
you dun goof'd. 
jaseemabid: note the last post. 
my friends cant connect to my server. 
but still thanks. 
followed, just for that ... lol'd so hard. 
np. 
Is it even possible to begin refuting some of the 'arguments' made here? http://pastebin.com/0PS7j1G1. 
tikker. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: What the heck is Rymate Bot?. 
you helped. 
6[Donator] coollew3: ikr. 
maybe some other guys do know a solution. 
but i'm afraid i don't. 
BUBBLES_Josh was shot by coollew3. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: I rather it creepy... 
sunbeam: I'm not sure if you can use a boolean on container_class. 
One can tune a piano and tuna fish, but it is inadvisable to roller skate in buffalo herds.. 
i also dont think so. 
jaseemabid: are you sobota ?. 
6[Donator] coollew3: it is. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: Uhu.. 
okay. 
Ethan, maybe the intenal IP of your server has changed?. 
Starting to get curious as to how people break pacman. 
Its a bot. 
Can someone please tell me what the python logo is s'posed to be?. 
now i'll have to pay attention in what to tweet lol. 
it's amazing. 
i checked it...it didnt. 
ethan i was talking to kian :P. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: Its a bot.. 
but i have to go now. 
dinner. 
so bye all. 
:|. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: More information please?. 
even if the beefalos are rollerskating?. 
all right. 
there are a lot of people who seem rather incompetent with pacman. 
would buffalo would jus get outta ur way. 
Something very unpleasant has happened here in the last ten minutes.. 
What would that be?. 
wow you guys are derpinues. 
That.. 
sacarlson: hehe special weapon: dd. 
Whats wrong with her?. 
[CraftBukkit] feildmaster pushed 3 new commits to master: http://git.io/w_hAGg. 
[CraftBukkit/master] Use LinkedHashSet to make redstone update order consistent. Fixes BUKKIT-1850 - Travis Watkins. 
[CraftBukkit/master] Implement LivingEntity.hasLineOfSight. Addresses BUKKIT-1255 - TomyLobo. 
[CraftBukkit/master] Deprecate spawnCreature and add spawnEntity. Addresses BUKKIT-1168 - V10lator. 
[CraftBukkit] feildmaster pushed 3 new commits to master: http://git.io/w_hAGg. 
[CraftBukkit/master] Use LinkedHashSet to make redstone update order consistent. Fixes BUKKIT-1850 - Travis Watkins. 
[CraftBukkit/master] Deprecate spawnCreature and add spawnEntity. Addresses BUKKIT-1168 - V10lator. 
[CraftBukkit/master] Implement LivingEntity.hasLineOfSight. Addresses BUKKIT-1255 - TomyLobo. 
CraftBukkit: 03V10lator 07master * rb0f1826 10/ src/main/java/org/bukkit/craftbukkit/CraftWorld.java : Deprecate spawnCreature and add spawnEntity. Addresses BUKKIT-1168 - http://git.io/YW7v2A. 
its a shitty ai bot that "learns" from what people say. 
tildasoderlund00 hit the ground too hard. 
CraftBukkit: 03Travis Watkins 07master * rbc9b710 10/ src/main/java/net/minecraft/server/BlockRedstoneWire.java : Use LinkedHashSet to make redstone update order consistent. Fixes BUKKIT-1850 - http://git.io/pAi6XQ. 
CraftBukkit: 03TomyLobo 07master * r3730abf 10/ src/main/java/org/bukkit/craftbukkit/entity/CraftLivingEntity.java : Implement LivingEntity.hasLineOfSight. Addresses BUKKIT-1255 - http://git.io/yCGX_g. 
even with a plethora of information on the wiki. 
Lovecraft, now there's a saying for sure. 
Better darling?. 
BUKKIT-1168: http://goo.gl/q8cqD - "spawnCreature gives (useless) ClassCastEception by spawning non-living entities." - Open, last updated about 1 month ago (with 2 comments and 2 watchers). 
BUKKIT-1850: http://goo.gl/mrdq8 - "Update redstone consistently " - Open, last updated about 15 minutes ago (with 1 watcher). 
BUKKIT-1255: http://goo.gl/dJ1BB - "Add a way to do notchian line-of-sight detection." - Open, last updated about 3 months ago. 
BUKKIT-1168: http://goo.gl/q8cqD - "spawnCreature gives (useless) ClassCastEception by spawning non-living entities." - Open, last updated about 1 month ago (with 2 comments and 2 watchers). 
Are you black now?. 
yea nvm. 
:3. 
meh. 
BUKKIT-1850: http://goo.gl/mrdq8 - "Update redstone consistently " - Open, last updated about 15 minutes ago (with 1 watcher). 
Anyone have modaco ad-free?. 
heh. 
sudokode: https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Pacman_Tips. 
it must be great to be a derpinue.... 
BUKKIT-1255: http://goo.gl/dJ1BB - "Add a way to do notchian line-of-sight detection." - Open, last updated about 3 months ago. 
sudokode: https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Pacman. 
sudokode: https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Pacman_Rosetta. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: Why dud u say !pizza?. 
Paul is being a jew again and I need someone to use a kitchen. 
That's not a woman :D. 
hmm even '' doesnt work. 
sunbeam: did that work or what?. 
14[boobieman connected]. 
and doing a dd backup would not actually help me recover the data but only ensure i'm not doing any further damage right?. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: Woot the heck.. 
Hey guys, need some help.. 
keeps being class="default menu-header-container". 
there also are a lot of people who use said information to achieve similar incompetence. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: CREEPY.. 
with what. 
pics?. 
14[Kladdig01 disconnected]. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: wtf limnerius. 
:(. 
stdd: if you had a backup you won't have this issue. 
Better?. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: this place is not ur house. 
Anyways, pacman let me install it wthout a dependency. We dont lose anything here. So its ok right?. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: Lol.. 
6[Donator] coollew3: super creepy. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: Pie. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: ?. 
 good morning. 
is your definition of $default in the same scope as the call to wp_nav_menu?. 
hola. 
i've got minecraft. But when i try play it loads the black screen, then closes automatically. i once came in here before a long time ago and a guy fixed it for me. 
http://ompldr.org/vZWc5cQ < - lol. 
Hello.. 
14[rcs10 connected]. 
o/. 
i'm running on a Toshiba c660. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: ELLO YELLO. 
http://www.python.org/. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Ok back. 
Top left. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: i ll find ur secrets!. 
only 3 minutes left, gtmanfred \o. 
Does anyone know how to tell ntpd not to listen on any interface except lo?. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Yello Ello. 
Cool. 
gtmanfred: so, I installed this pianobar and I started getting gajillions of dbus notify-sends about rootkits and such. 
you could try download it again. 
boobs. 
lol. 
stdd: I'd look into foremost. 
I've tied. 
tried. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: Rhyan. Why is that Bot so creepy..?. 
14[idaaval connected]. 
No. 
jaseemabid: I suspect something was broken on just box spesificly. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: rhyan. 
Leave the presence of a fool, for there you do not meet words of knowledge.. 
KaiSforza: yup :-D. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Rymate made it thats why. 
or you have used -dd. 
ZekeS: clamav. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: :3. 
stdd: a cheap USB HDD will save you a LOT of hassle. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: add that lwc bypass perm please. 
14[yummy1239 connected]. 
Notchian line of site sounds bad. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: x). 
lawl titz. 
i cant find n e reports about this problem with build 39 in the forums. 
Is there a way to force all USB devices to connect at full speed only? Not high speed?. 
maybe youve got to redownload minecraft.jar in your .minecraft. 
15[Default] smajo55: noob. 
looks like two snakes. 
What I do is make my walls 1440x1280 and then put guidelines at the 360 and 1080 widths so I know what shows on the screen. 
nuh-uh. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: 4+4. 
sudokode, Hmm, anyways i fixed the issue. Installed the package and stuff works great !. 
you can find that. 
done it. 
but it takes 1 2 know 1. 
hang on. 
go on... 
Milos: not really. 
good job!. 
so ur screwed. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: =8. 
%appdata%. 
Hey guys, currently using: spinner.setBackground(button.getBackground()); in order to make the spinner look like the button. It works perfectly.. except when I click the proper button it puts the click animation around the spinner. Any ideas how to fix this?. 
search that. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: *= 8. 
[Bukkit] feildmaster pushed 2 new commits to master: https://github.com/Bukkit/Bukkit/compare/c4fe5bfdf62e...6525a30e7484. 
[Bukkit/master] Deprecate spawnCreature and add spawnEntity. Addresses BUKKIT-1168 - V10lator. 
[Bukkit/master] Add LivingEntity.hasLineOfSight. Addresses BUKKIT-1255 - TomyLobo. 
[Bukkit] feildmaster pushed 2 new commits to master: https://github.com/Bukkit/Bukkit/compare/c4fe5bfdf62e...6525a30e7484. 
[Bukkit/master] Deprecate spawnCreature and add spawnEntity. Addresses BUKKIT-1168 - V10lator. 
[Bukkit/master] Add LivingEntity.hasLineOfSight. Addresses BUKKIT-1255 - TomyLobo. 
6[Donator] coollew3: lol. 
Anybody mind helping me go over the basics off app development? I'm kinda new too it..... 
Bukkit: 03V10lator 07master * re129c83 10/ src/main/java/org/bukkit/World.java : Deprecate spawnCreature and add spawnEntity. Addresses BUKKIT-1168 - http://git.io/iaQVVw. 
Bukkit: 03V10lator 07master * re129c83 10/ src/main/java/org/bukkit/World.java : Deprecate spawnCreature and add spawnEntity. Addresses BUKKIT-1168 - http://git.io/iaQVVw. 
Bukkit: 03TomyLobo 07master * r6525a30 10/ (2 files in 2 dirs): Add LivingEntity.hasLineOfSight. Addresses BUKKIT-1255 - http://git.io/1Kqt6A. 
Bukkit: 03TomyLobo 07master * r6525a30 10/ (2 files in 2 dirs): Add LivingEntity.hasLineOfSight. Addresses BUKKIT-1255 - http://git.io/1Kqt6A. 
Now we can continue with own problems :P !next. 
(because many usb 2.0 devices actually only support 1.1 speeds etc). 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: converse dobby. 
brb. 
14[boobieman disconnected]. 
who knows them all?. 
protip: install dependencies with the --asdeps argument. 
ah. 
dammit sudokode I'm trying to poke at gtmanfred by using obviously unrealistic scenarios I can blame on him. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: ?. 
that's what CIA-104 did. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: Woot. 
lol. 
What. 
actually, too lazy to boot Ubuntu. 
We dont have !next here in this channel?. 
go into .minecraft. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: How does it work?. 
oaky. 
Another satisfied customer! NEXT!. 
Just_Reboot, I know how much my screen needs. Is that size 1440x1280 just so other people can use it?. 
that's my point.... 
yeah. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: at irc*. 
you need to be in the irc. 
go into bin. 
it was the one thing i didn't set up a backup for as it was new and then this happened... it taught me (yet another) lesson about backups but that doesn't help me much right now. 
oh ho, 3.4.4 is up now. 
:P. 
would have to change the device physically. 
(protip part 2: look up -D in man pacman). 
Student: basic? Project->New->Android project… then Run->Run. 
uh can you somehow color the pipes separating i3status blocks. 
okay. 
delete and redownload minecraft.jar. 
ZekeS: indeed. 
its mostly so every gallery app people might use to set a wallpaper will place it without forcing them to resize it. 
i've often heard that quote restated as "don't waste your time arguing with an idiot" but it says something stronger...don't remain in the presence of a fool.  i wonder if using IRC ignore is equivalent.. 
and/or firmware/rom. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: Lol.. 
or rather… right-click project and run as Android. 
lol. 
let's see what breaks :D. 
how do i redownload it?. 
14[~2M12eliss10a disconnected]. 
I know how to do that. 
I'm just asking about how to automate this http://lists.en.qi-hardware.com/pipermail/discussion/2011-August/008508.html. 
14[yummy1239 disconnected]. 
it is the so called Hello World app. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: thats what he said. 
janebot: !youtube UWQoK506xkQ @Mortvert. 
"Whitest Kids U Know: Leg Peeing" Length: 063:12 (by 03Kamatzu). 
141573378 views, 037320 likes, 04153 dislikes (14no region restrictions) http://youtu.be/UWQoK506xkQ. 
Mortvert ^^^. 
Quick question.  If default has a - -node and the donator group has the same node except not negative, but the default group is inherited by donator, will that cause a conflict in nodes?. 
ok. 
there's color_separator but it does not seem to do anything (and I'm not sure if it's even related). 
go to internet and search minecraft.jar download. 
for the gnex, that is. 
allstruck, it doesn't redirect when you submit?. 
no. 
kian,  no. 
bad. 
dont go to minecraft.com. 
lol. 
dunno bout other phones because I'm not a dev and can't be arsed unless requested lol. 
jim_m: I didn't submit. 
it does work. 
in 1.2.5. 
BUBBLES_Josh was shot by coollew3. 
if the device physically don't support full speed there isn't any software hack you can use to make it connect at a faster speed. 
jesus christ on a fucking 10 speed. 
I don't think it will . 
allstruck, or try this http://www.customizedparts.com/wp-admin/. 
it's illegal. 
I have aokp in an emulator. 
rytigo was shot by Skeleton. 
I was talking about the actual process of app development; I know how to do it. I know java. I just dont get it. 
not true. 
14[dobby connected]. 
Necrodoom: I found this in the server.log "plugins\Essentials\config.yml is not utf-8 encoded, trying windows-1252. 
I want it to connect at a SLOWER speed. 
minecraft.com is not from mojang. 
can anyone tell me where the suspend logs are for systemd?. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: Creepy.. 
full speed is slower than high speed. 
http://s3.amazonaws.com/MinecraftDownload/minecraft.jar heres the actual download link. 
what is it you don't get. 
if you so want it. 
why would it be illegal to redownload. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: Let him !converse himself.. 
6[Donator] coollew3: how do u use it?. 
I wanted go over the basics off app development.. 
lix: resave as UTF-8. 
BUBBLES_Josh was shot by Skeleton. 
Mortvert: You know you want to.. 
Ohgod. 
but only that link. 
no. 
lutzee pleaese dont hand that link out. 
like the logic. 
so follow tutorials?. 
I have the most hardcore craving for real poutine. 
link to something else once in a while. 
Uhh why are my consolefonts weird now?. 
something to let a game that youve bought work. 
Nobody is allowed to link jar files. 
You're watching it right now.. 
Grim_Reaper, sorry. 
germann: I don't think that a 10 speed is appropriate for that. 
you tell us. 
^^. 
Veinlockx: default till vip wont have node. 
jim_m: I see yeah that's redirecting. 
i have ios on an emulator :). 
germann: I think this calls for a JESUS CHRIST ON A POGO STICK. 
breakage. 
I got craving for food. 
Student: like the workflow? http://developer.android.com/tools/workflow/index.html. 
Anyways minecraft.com is not a part of mojang. 
but it sucks. 
Veinlockx: vip and up will have the node. 
anyway force update it the correct way. 
cool. 
you probably changed something. 
I need to go to folkfest this year for the poutine cart and to replace my leather cuff.. 
nowai. 
did you change the URL in both boxes?. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: If he converse me, he only say what i say?. 
lol u can get it to work in an emulator and i cant even get it to run right on the real thing lmao. 
Damn thing had one of the diamond-shaped studs come out.. 
Dunning - Kruger ftw.. 
Or, well...off.. 
Well borders and diacritics don't show up right.  I didn't change anything.  consolefont is not even set it rc.conf.. 
limnerius blew up. 
lol. 
14[limnerius disconnected]. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: He? I mean it.. 
BUBBLES_Josh was slain by smajo55. 
6[Donator] coollew3: !converse dobby. 
I just want to get a plain one this time. 
I never cared for the studs.. 
Changing consolefont does nothing. 
that sometimes doesnt work i thougt he would have alraidy. 
hey, does anyone know of something on linux that works like ZFS to give me very low overhead for many snapshots of a single FS... i was thinking of maybe 10 folders rsynced to the same place often, but I'm not sure if that's a good idea. 
have tried that. 
http://i.imgur.com/oDpAC.png. 
hi. 
stdd: I found this https://help.ubuntu.com/community/DriveImaging. 
the guy last time told me to download a driver update since TOSHIBA C660 isnt very good or something. 
I managed to buy the cuff for like five bucks last year because I was so desperate to have one. 
you are really talking about tty right?. 
Necrodoom: How?. 
jim_m: are these two different installs or just one with two domains?. 
after like 4 days of screwing around. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: Ask him what life is.. 
and not a te. 
http://www.reddit.com/r/MLPLounge/comments/vhieh/attention_all_classy_ploungers/. 
thats not totally true, i have build 26 working lol. 
I can finally work on systemui. 
Altazimuth Animawish ^. 
and I guess they weren't selling well at the price they were.. 
true. 
BUKKIT-1168 ("spawnCreature gives (useless) ClassCastEception by spawning non-living entities.") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/q8cqD. 
BUKKIT-1255 ("Add a way to do notchian line-of-sight detection.") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/dJ1BB. 
BUKKIT-1850 ("Update redstone consistently ") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/mrdq8. 
BUKKIT-1168 ("spawnCreature gives (useless) ClassCastEception by spawning non-living entities.") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/q8cqD. 
:D. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: It*. 
BUKKIT-1255 ("Add a way to do notchian line-of-sight detection.") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/dJ1BB. 
logfs, zfs. 
basically for doing backups of a network drive, mostly for accidental deletes and whatnot. 
14[leviathan8 connected]. 
allstruck, two installs. 
I might get one that's hand-tooled this year though.. 
it may be even more useful to not be around people foolish enough to spread negativity, as this and closedmindedness fail to allow anyone who wants to, to open and also not receive the negativity. 
BUKKIT-1850 ("Update redstone consistently ") was updated with the status changed to Resolved - http://goo.gl/mrdq8. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: -.-. 
yes. 
lix: how are you editing the config?. 
15[Default] BUBBLES_Josh: :P. 
I'm trying to retrieve the URL / ID of a post thumbnail (custom size). The get_post_thumbnail_id() function does not allwo to specify a size, how can I go around that ?. 
on the same server. 
mjheagle8: How to debug Systemd problems - FedoraProject: <http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/How_to_debug_Systemd_problems>. 
Tobisha isn't really good :p. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: Ask him Dumbass?. 
rytigo was slain by Zombie. 
Necrodoom: Notepad++. 
So his words are very true. 
irssi ftw. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Well im gonna go afk for a while. 
hmm sprunge doesn't seem to be returning a link. 
nope. 
5[Manager] ~Rhyan: Cya. 
Wait, was that last year or year before? Year before, didn't go to folkfest last year. I just drank a liter of green tea!. 
why you being so negative about negativity. 
14[~Rhyan disconnected]. 
wtf. 
what he told me to do. 
can't give a fuck. 
locale?. 
BUBBLES_Josh was shot by coollew3. 
fixed it last time. 
Juts told roman I tweeted an ETA for b40. 
SHAMELESS PLUGS HO. 
stdd: that gets you to create an image of the bad partition and create a file of it,  but you need the space on a working drive to put it on. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: x). 
d_garbage: its not there. 
good point. 
good point :). 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: -.-. 
http://sprunge.us Is Down -> Check if your website is up or down?. 
LiX: it should have an option to save as UTF-8 somewhere. 
lets see if he yells at me before checking what it was. 
Derpadong: no doubt. 
use gist. 
mjheagle8: if it isn't in the journal, you're SOL. 
what was that. 
shut up stop copying wut i type. 
Should be utf-8. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: He can only say tupid things?. 
ye. 
4[Admin] ~2M12eliss10a: It*. 
11[Moderator] ~10MrCookie: mostly. 
mjheagle8: _everything_ goes through the journal. 
14[TmX097 connected]. 
mjheagle8, what isn't where?. 
jim_m: you may need to modify the database directly, especially now with that redirect. 
if i remembered, i'd of already done it.. haha. 
en_US. 
you should embrace negativity, and treat it as an equal.. 
edman007: rsync ought to work fine.  I have backups for a year done with rsync and --link-dest=. 
What distro are you on?. 
anikom15: check what locale and locale -a actually says. 
lol. 
i dunno, something about my drivers if i'm correct. 
.c moving wordpress > jim_m. 
jim_m: http://codex.wordpress.org/Moving_WordPress. 
linked me to a download. 
Mortvert: So wasn't it hilarious?. 
peace love, and mother fucking rainbows.. 
KaiSforza: I am going to guess that loading modules breaks... until you reboot. 
14[crazyclara disconnected]. 
not watching it. 
life. 
meaning of life. 
